aaosarxi	Dothide1	Aaosphaeria arxii              	F_As	Pleosporales -
aborbien	unknown 	Abortiporus biennis            	F_Ba	Polyporales Coriolaceae
absiglau	unknown 	Absidia glauca                 	F_Mu	Mucorales Cunninghamellaceae
absipade	unknown 	Absidia padenii                	F_Mu	Mucorales Cunninghamellaceae
absirepe	unknown 	Absidia repens                 	F_Mu	Mucorales Cunninghamellaceae
acancast	acancast	Acanthamoeba castellanii       	O_Am	Longamoebia -
acanchlo	Tetrapod	Acanthisitta chloris           	M_Av	Passeriformes Acanthisittidae
acanplan	unknown 	Acanthaster planci             	M_Ec	Valvatida Acanthasteridae
acanpoly	unknown 	Acanthochromis polyacanthus    	M_Fs	- Pomacentridae
acanvite	NematodO	Acanthocheilonema viteae       	M_Ne	Spirurida Onchocercidae
acaringo	unknown 	Acaromyces ingoldii            	F_Ba	Exobasidiales Cryptobasidiaceae
acepmacr	unknown 	Acephala macrosclerotiorum     	F_As	Helotiales -
acidacid	unknown 	Acidothrix acidophila          	F_As	- Amplistromataceae
acidrich	Dothide1	Acidomyces richmondensis       	F_As	- -
acinjuba	Tetrapod	Acinonyx jubatus               	M_Mm	Carnivora Felidae
acrealca	Sordari3	Acremonium alcalophilum        	F_As	- -
acrechry	Sordari3	Acremonium chrysogenum         	F_As	- -
acrestri	Sordari3	Acremonium strictum            	F_As	- -
acrodigi	ChordatC	Acropora digitifera            	M_Cn	Scleractinia Acroporidae
acroechi	Echinode	Acromyrmex echinatior          	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
acyrpisu	InsectCl	Acyrthosiphon pisum            	M_In	Hemiptera Aphididae
acytsubg	acytsubg	Acytostelium subglobosum       	O_Am	Dictyosteliida -
adinvaga	unknown 	Adineta vaga                   	M_Ro	Adinetida Adinetidae
aedeaegy	aedeaegy	Aedes aegypti                  	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
aedealbo	unknown 	Aedes albopictus               	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
aegitaus	unknown 	Aegilops tauschii              	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
aethtumi	unknown 	Aethina tumida                 	M_In	Coleoptera Nitidulidae
agarbisp	Dothide1	Agaricus bisporus              	F_Ba	Agaricales Agaricaceae
agarhyph	Sordari1	Agaricostilbum hyphaenes       	F_Ba	Agaricostilbales Agaricostilbaceae
agriplan	InsectCo	Agrilus planipennis            	M_In	Coleoptera Buprestidae
agropedi	unknown 	Agrocybe pediades              	F_Ba	Agaricales Bolbitiaceae
ailumela	Tetrapod	Ailuropoda melanoleuca         	M_Mm	Carnivora Ursidae
albucand	Albugina	Albugo candida                 	O_St	Albuginales Albuginaceae
albulaib	Albugina	Albugo laibachii               	O_St	Albuginales Albuginaceae
aliqkhao	unknown 	Aliquandostipite khaoyaiensis  	F_As	Jahnulales Aliquandostipitaceae
allimiss	Tetrapod	Alligator mississippiensis     	M_Rp	Crocodylia Alligatoridae
allisine	Tetrapod	Alligator sinensis             	M_Rp	Crocodylia Alligatoridae
allomacr	Blastocl	Allomyces macrogynus           	F_Bl	Blastocladiales Blastocladiaceae
altealte	Dothide1	Alternaria alternata           	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
altebras	Dothide1	Alternaria brassicicola        	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
amanmusc	Dothide1	Amanita muscaria               	F_Ba	Agaricales Amanitaceae
amanthie	Dothide1	Amanita thiersii               	F_Ba	Agaricales Amanitaceae
amarhypo	Angiosp 	Amaranthus hypochondriacus     	P_Eu	Caryophyllales Amaranthaceae
ambotric	Angiosp 	Amborella trichopoda           	P_Am	Amborellales Amborellaceae
amnilign	Dothide1	Amniculicola lignicola         	F_As	Pleosporales Amniculicolaceae
amorresi	Dothide1	Amorphotheca resinae           	F_As	- Myxotrichaceae
ampequis	unknown 	Ampelomyces quisqualis         	F_As	Pleosporales Leptosphaeriaceae
amphquee	amphquee	Amphimedon queenslandica       	M_Po	Haplosclerida Niphatidae
amphspec	unknown 	Amphiamblys spec               	F_Mi	Amphiacanthidae -	 
amyetran	Mollusca	Amyelois transitella           	M_In	Lepidoptera Pyralidae
amylchai	unknown 	Amylostereum chailletii        	F_Ba	Russulales Stereaceae
anacocci	unknown 	Anacardium occidentale         	P_Eu	Sapindales Anacardiaceae
anaerobu	unknown 	Anaeromyces robustus           	F_Ne	Neocallimastigales Neocallimastigaceae
anancomo	Angiosp 	Ananas comosus                 	P_Mo	Poales Bromeliaceae
anasplat	Tetrapod	Anas platyrhynchos             	M_Av	Anseriformes Anatidae
ancycani	NematodN	Ancylostoma caninum            	M_Ne	Rhabditida Ancylostomatidae
ancyceyl	NematodN	Ancylostoma ceylanicum         	M_Ne	Rhabditida Ancylostomatidae
ancyduod	NematodN	Ancylostoma duodenale          	M_Ne	Rhabditida Ancylostomatidae
angicant	NematodN	Angiostrongylus cantonensis    	M_Ne	Rhabditida Angiostrongylidae
angicost	NematodN	Angiostrongylus costaricensis  	M_Ne	Rhabditida Angiostrongylidae
angodean	Archamoe	Angomonas deanei               	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
anissimp	NematodO	Anisakis simplex               	M_Ne	Ascaridida Anisakidae
anncalge	unknown 	Anncaliia algerae              	F_Mi	- Tubulinosematidae
anolcaro	Tetrapod	Anolis carolinensis            	M_Rp	Squamata Iguanidae
anombomb	unknown 	Anomoporia bombycina           	F_Ba	Amylocorticiales Amylocorticiaceae
anopalbi	InsectAg	Anopheles albimanus            	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anoparab	InsectAg	Anopheles arabiensis           	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopatro	InsectAg	Anopheles atroparvus           	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopchri	InsectAg	Anopheles christyi             	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopcolu	InsectAg	Anopheles coluzzii             	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopdarl	InsectAn	Anopheles darlingi             	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopdiru	InsectAg	Anopheles dirus                	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopepir	InsectAg	Anopheles epiroticus           	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopfara	InsectAg	Anopheles farauti              	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopfune	InsectAg	Anopheles funestus             	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopgamb	InsectAn	Anopheles gambiae              	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopglab	InsectCo	Anoplophora glabripennis       	M_In	Coleoptera Cerambycidae
anopkoli	InsectAg	Anopheles koliensis            	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopmacu	InsectAg	Anopheles maculatus            	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopmela	InsectAg	Anopheles melas                	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopmeru	InsectAg	Anopheles merus                	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopmini	InsectAg	Anopheles minimus              	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopnili	InsectAg	Anopheles nili                 	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anoppunc	InsectAg	Anopheles punctulatus          	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopquad	InsectAg	Anopheles quadriannulatus      	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopsine	InsectAn	Anopheles sinensis             	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopstep	InsectAg	Anopheles stephensi            	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
ansecygn	Tetrapod	Anser cygnoides                	M_Av	Anseriformes Anatidae
anthavoc	Dothide1	Anthostoma avocetta            	F_As	Xylariales Diatrypaceae
anthfloc	unknown 	Anthracocystis flocculosa      	F_Ba	Ustilaginales Ustilaginaceae
antolocu	FungiAll	Antonospora locustae           	F_Mi	- -
antrcaro	unknown 	Antrostomus carolinensis       	M_Av	Caprimulgiformes Caprimulgidae
antrseri	Dothide1	Antrodia serialis              	F_Ba	Polyporales Fomitopsidaceae
antrsinu	Dothide1	Antrodia sinuosa               	F_Ba	Polyporales Fomitopsidaceae
aotunanc	Tetrapod	Aotus nancymaae                	M_Mm	Fabales Fabaceae
apalvitt	Tetrapod	Apaloderma vittatum            	M_Av	Trogoniformes Trogonidae
aphaasta	aphaasta	Aphanomyces astaci             	O_St	Saprolegniales Saprolegniaceae
aphainva	Saproleg	Aphanomyces invadans           	O_St	Saprolegniales Saprolegniaceae
apioback	unknown 	Apiosordaria backusii          	F_As	Sordariales Lasiosphaeriaceae
apiomont	Dothide1	Apiospora montagnei            	F_As	Xylariales Apiosporaceae
apiscera	unknown 	Apis cerana                    	M_In	Hymenoptera Apidae
apisdors	InsectAp	Apis dorsata                   	M_In	Hymenoptera Apidae
apisflor	InsectAp	Apis florea                    	M_In	Hymenoptera Apidae
apismell	InsectAp	Apis mellifera                 	M_In	Hymenoptera Apidae
aplakerg	Cyanidia	Aplanochytrium kerguelense     	O_St	- Thraustochytriaceae
aploprun	Dothide1	Aplosporella prunicola         	F_As	Botryosphaeriales Aplosporellaceae
aplycali	ChordatU	Aplysia californica            	M_Mo	- Aplysiidae
aporcary	Sordari1	Aporpium caryae                	F_Ba	Auriculariales Aporpiaceae
apteaust	Tetrapod	Apteryx australis              	M_Av	Apterygiformes Apterygidae
aptefors	Tetrapod	Aptenodytes forsteri           	M_Av	Sphenisciformes Spheniscidae
aquichry	Tetrapod	Aquila chrysaetos              	M_Av	Falconiformes Accipitridae
aquicoer	Angiosp 	Aquilegia coerulea             	P_Eu	Ranunculales Ranunculaceae
arabhall	Angiosp 	Arabidopsis halleri            	P_Eu	Brassicales Brassicaceae
arablyra	Angiosp 	Arabidopsis lyrata             	P_Eu	Brassicales Brassicaceae
arabthal	Angiosp 	Arabidopsis thaliana           	P_Eu	Brassicales Brassicaceae
aracdura	Angiosp 	Arachis duranensis             	P_Eu	Fabales Fabaceae
armicepi	Dothide1	Armillaria cepistipes          	F_Ba	Agaricales Physalacriaceae
armigall	Dothide1	Armillaria gallica             	F_Ba	Agaricales Physalacriaceae
armimell	Dothide1	Armillaria mellea              	F_Ba	Agaricales Physalacriaceae
armiosto	Dothide1	Armillaria ostoyae             	F_Ba	Agaricales Physalacriaceae
armisoli	Dothide1	Armillaria solidipes           	F_Ba	Agaricales Physalacriaceae
arthbenh	Dothide1	Arthroderma benhamiae          	F_As	Onygenales Arthrodermataceae
arthferm	unknown 	Arthroascus fermentans         	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycopsidaceae
artholig	Dothide1	Arthrobotrys oligospora        	F_As	Orbiliales Orbiliaceae
arthotae	Dothide1	Arthroderma otae               	F_As	Onygenales Arthrodermataceae
artoeleg	unknown 	Artolenzites elegans           	F_Ba	Polyporales Polyporaceae	 
ascalumb	NematodA	Ascaris lumbricoides           	M_Ne	Ascaridida Ascarididae
ascasuum	NematodA	Ascaris suum                   	M_Ne	Ascaridida Ascarididae
aschaley	unknown 	Aschersonia aleyrodis          	F_As	Hypocreales Clavicipitaceae
ascoapis	unknown 	Ascosphaera apis               	F_As	Onygenales Ascosphaeraceae
ascoimme	Dothide1	Ascobolus immersus             	F_As	Pezizales Ascobolaceae
asconigr	Dothide1	Ascodesmis nigricans           	F_As	Pezizales Ascodesmidaceae
ascorabi	unknown 	Ascochyta rabiei               	F_As	Pleosporales Didymellaceae
ascorube	Sacchar2	Ascoidea rubescens             	F_As	Arthropoda Arachnida
ascosarc	Dothide1	Ascocoryne sarcoides           	F_As	Helotiales Helotiaceae
ashbgoss	Saccharo	Ashbya gossypii                	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
aspeacid	Dothide1	Aspergillus acidus             	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspeacul	Dothide1	Aspergillus aculeatus          	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspebomb	Dothide1	Aspergillus bombycis           	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspebras	Dothide1	Aspergillus brasiliensis       	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspebrun	Dothide1	Aspergillus brunneoviolaceus   	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspecali	Dothide1	Aspergillus calidoustus        	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspecamp	Dothide1	Aspergillus campestris         	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspecarb	Dothide1	Aspergillus carbonarius        	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspeclav	Dothide1	Aspergillus clavatus           	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspecost	Dothide1	Aspergillus costaricaensis     	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspecris	Dothide1	Aspergillus cristatus          	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspeelli	Dothide1	Aspergillus ellipticus         	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspeeuca	Dothide1	Aspergillus eucalypticola      	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspefiji	Dothide1	Aspergillus fijiensis          	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspefisc	Dothide1	Aspergillus fischeri           	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspeflav	Dothide1	Aspergillus flavus             	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspefumi	Dothide1	Aspergillus fumigatus          	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspeglau	Dothide1	Aspergillus glaucus            	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspehete	Dothide1	Aspergillus heteromorphus      	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspehomo	Dothide1	Aspergillus homomorphus        	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspeiber	Dothide1	Aspergillus ibericus           	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspeindo	Dothide1	Aspergillus indologenus        	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspejapo	Dothide1	Aspergillus japonicus          	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspekawa	Dothide1	Aspergillus kawachii           	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspelact	Dothide1	Aspergillus lacticoffeatus     	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspelent	Dothide1	Aspergillus lentulus           	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspeluch	Dothide1	Aspergillus luchuensis         	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspeneon	Dothide1	Aspergillus neoniger           	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspenidu	Dothide1	Aspergillus nidulans           	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspenige	Dothide1	Aspergillus niger              	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspenomi	Dothide1	Aspergillus nomius             	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspenovo	Dothide1	Aspergillus novofumigatus      	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspeochr	Dothide1	Aspergillus ochraceoroseus     	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspeoryz	Dothide1	Aspergillus oryzae             	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspepara	Dothide1	Aspergillus parasiticus        	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspephoe	Dothide1	Aspergillus phoenicis          	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspepipe	Dothide1	Aspergillus piperis            	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
asperamb	Dothide1	Aspergillus rambellii          	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
asperube	Dothide1	Aspergillus ruber              	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspesacc	Dothide1	Aspergillus saccharolyticus    	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspescle	Dothide1	Aspergillus sclerotiicarbonarius	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspescln	Dothide1	Aspergillus sclnrotioniger     	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspestey	Dothide1	Aspergillus steynii            	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspesydo	Dothide1	Aspergillus sydowii            	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspeterr	Dothide1	Aspergillus terreus            	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspetubi	Dothide1	Aspergillus tubingensis        	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspeudag	Dothide1	Aspergillus udagawae           	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspeustu	Dothide1	Aspergillus ustus              	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspeuvar	Dothide1	Aspergillus uvarum             	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspevade	Dothide1	Aspergillus vadensis           	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspevers	Dothide1	Aspergillus versicolor         	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspeviol	Dothide1	Aspergillus violaceofuscus     	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspewent	Dothide1	Aspergillus wentii             	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspezona	Dothide1	Aspergillus zonatus            	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
astespec	astespec	Asterochloris spec_Cgr/DA1pho  	P_Ch	Microthamniales -
astymexi	Tetrapod	Astyanax mexicanus             	M_Fs	Characiformes Characidae
atharosa	InsectAg	Athalia rosae                  	M_In	Hymenoptera Tenthredinidae
atrarhiz	Agarico1	Atractiellales rhizophila      	F_Ba	Basidiomycota Atractiellomycetes
atraspec	Agarico1	Atractiellales spec            	F_Ba	Basidiomycota Atractiellomycetes
attaceph	Echinode	Atta cephalotes                	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
attacolo	unknown 	Atta colombica                 	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
aulohede	Dothide1	Aulographum hederae            	F_As	- Aulographaceae
auralima	auralima	Aurantiochytrium limacinum     	O_St	- Thraustochytriaceae
aureanop	aureanop	Aureococcus anophagefferens    	O_St	Pelagomonadales -
auremela	Dothide1	Aureobasidium melanogenum      	F_As	Dothideales Aureobasidiaceae
aurenami	Dothide1	Aureobasidium namibiae         	F_As	Dothideales Aureobasidiaceae
aurepull	Dothide1	Aureobasidium pulm_lulans      	F_As	Dothideales Aureobasidiaceae
aurepulm	Dothide1	Aureobasidium pulm_lulans      	F_As	Dothideales Aureobasidiaceae
aurepuln	Dothide1	Aureobasidium puln_lulans      	F_As	Dothideales Aureobasidiaceae
aurepulp	Dothide1	Aureobasidium pulp_lulans      	F_As	Dothideales Aureobasidiaceae
aurepuls	Dothide1	Aureobasidium puls_lulans      	F_As	Dothideales Aureobasidiaceae
auresubg	Dothide1	Aureobasidium subglaciale      	F_As	Dothideales Aureobasidiaceae
auriampl	unknown 	Auriculariopsis ampla          	F_Ba	Agaricales Schizophyllaceae
aurideli	Agarico1	Auricularia delicata           	F_Ba	Auriculariales Auriculariaceae
aurisubg	Agarico1	Auricularia subglabra          	F_Ba	Auriculariales Auriculariaceae
aurivulg	Sordari1	Auriscalpium vulgare           	F_Ba	Russulales Auriscalpiaceae
austlimn	Fish_mdl	Austrofundulus limnaeus        	M_Fs	Cyprinodontiformes -
auxeprot	Chlospec	Auxenochlorella protothecoides 	P_Ch	Chlorellales Chlorellaceae
babebige	Babesia 	Babesia bigemina               	O_Al	- Babesiidae
babebovi	Babesia 	Babesia bovis                  	O_Al	- Babesiidae
babeequi	Babesia 	Babesia equi                   	O_Al	- Babesiidae
babemicr	babemicr	Babesia microti                	O_Al	- Babesiidae
babjinos	Saccharo	Babjeviella inositovor         	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
backcirc	Mucoral2	Backusella circina             	F_Fu	Mucorales Backusellaceae
bactcucu	InsectMd	Bactrocera cucurbitae          	M_In	Diptera Tephritidae
bactdors	InsectMd	Bactrocera dorsalis            	M_In	Diptera Tephritidae
bactlati	unknown 	Bactrocera latifrons           	M_In	Diptera Tephritidae
bactolea	InsectMd	Bactrocera oleae               	M_In	Diptera Tephritidae
bacttryo	InsectMd	Bactrocera tryoni              	M_In	Diptera Tephritidae
balaacut	Tetrapod	Balaenoptera acutorostrata     	M_Mm	Cetacea Balaenopteridae
baleregu	Tetrapod	Balearica regulorum            	M_Av	Gruiformes Gruidae
basimeri	unknown 	Basidiobolus meristosporus     	F_En	Basidiobolales Basidiobolaceae
basiundu	unknown 	Basidioascus undulatus         	F_Ba	Geminibasidiales Geminibasidiaceae
batrdend	batrdend	Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis 	F_Ch	Rhizophydiales -
batrsala	batrdend	Batrachochytrium salamandrivorans	F_Ch	Rhizophydiales -
baudcomp	Dothide1	Baudoinia compniacensis        	F_As	Capnodiales Teratosphaeriaceae
baudpana	Dothide1	Baudoinia panamericana         	F_As	Capnodiales Teratosphaeriaceae
beaubass	Dothide1	Beauveria bassiana             	F_As	Hypocreales Cordycipitaceae
belganta	InsectMd	Belgica antarctica             	M_In	Diptera Chironomidae
bemitaba	unknown 	Bemisia tabaci                 	M_In	Hemiptera Aleyrodidae
betavulg	Angiosp 	Beta vulgaris                  	P_Eu	Orthoptera Acrididae
bigenata	bigenata	Bigelowiella natans            	O_Rh	- -
bimunova	Dothide1	Bimuria novae-zelandiae        	F_As	Pleosporales Didymosphaeriaceae
biomglab	InsectBm	Biomphalaria glabrata          	M_Mo	- Planorbidae
bipomayd	unknown 	Bipolaris maydis               	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
bipooryz	unknown 	Bipolaris oryzae               	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
biposoro	unknown 	Bipolaris sorokiniana          	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
bipovict	unknown 	Bipolaris victoriae            	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
bipozeic	unknown 	Bipolaris zeicola              	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
biscnumm	unknown 	Biscogniauxia nummularia       	F_As	Xylariales Xylariaceae
bisobiso	Tetrapod	Bison bison                    	M_Mm	- Bovidae
bispspec	unknown 	Bisporella spec                	F_As	Helotiales Helotiaceae
bjeradus	Sordari1	Bjerkandera adusta             	F_Ba	Polyporales Meruliaceae
blaktris	unknown 	Blakeslea trispora             	F_Mu	Mucorales Choanephoraceae
blasaden	Trichomo	Blastobotrys adeninivorans     	F_As	Saccharomycetales Trichomonascaceae
blasbrit	unknown 	Blastocladiella britannica     	F_Bl	Blastocladiales Blastocladiaceae
blasderm	Dothide1	Blastomyces dermatitidis       	F_As	Onygenales Ajellomycetaceae
blasgilc	Dothide1	Blastomyces gilchristii        	F_As	Onygenales Ajellomycetaceae
blashomi	Blastocy	Blastocystis hominis           	O_St	- -
blasperc	Dothide1	Blastomyces percursus          	F_As	Onygenales Ajellomycetaceae
blasspec	Blastocy	Blastocystis sp                	O_St	- -
blatgerm	blatgerm	Blattella germanica            	M_In	Blattodea Ectobiidae
blecayal	unknown 	Blechomonas ayalai      	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
blumgram	Leotiomy	Blumeria graminis              	F_As	Erysiphales Erysiphaceae
bodosalt	unknown 	Bodo saltans       		O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Bodonidae
boecstri	Angiosp 	Boechera stricta               	P_Eu	Brassicales Brassicaceae
bolbvite	unknown 	Bolbitius vitellinus           	F_Ba	Agaricales Bolbitiaceae
boleedul	Dothide1	Boletus edulis                 	F_Ba	Boletales Boletaceae
bolepect	unknown 	Boleophthalmus pectinirostris  	M_Fs	Gobiiformes Gobiidae
bombbomb	unknown 	Bombardia bombarda             	F_As	Sordariales Lasiosphaeriaceae
bombimpa	InsectAg	Bombus impatiens               	M_In	Hymenoptera Apidae
bombmori	Mollusca	Bombyx mori                    	M_In	Lepidoptera Bombycidae
bombterr	InsectAg	Bombus terrestris              	M_In	Hymenoptera Apidae
bos_indi	unknown 	Bos indicus                    	M_Mm	- Bovidae
bos_mutu	Tetrapod	Bos mutus                      	M_Mm	- Bovidae
bos_taur	Tetrapod	Bos taurus                     	M_Mm	- Bovidae
botrbotr	Dothide1	Botryobasidium botryosum       	F_Ba	Cantharellales Botryobasidiaceae
botrcinb	Dothide1	Botrytis cinb0510              	F_As	Helotiales Sclerotiniaceae
botrcine	Dothide1	Botrytis cinerea               	F_As	Helotiales Sclerotiniaceae
botrdoth	Dothide1	Botryosphaeria dothidea        	F_As	Botryosphaeriales Botryosphaeriaceae
botrfuck	Dothide1	Botryotinia fuckeliana         	F_As	Helotiales Sclerotiniaceae
bracdist	Angiosp 	Brachypodium distachyon        	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
bracstac	Angiosp 	Brachypodium stacei            	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
bracsylv	unknown 	Brachypodium sylvaticum        	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
branbelc	unknown 	Branchiostoma belcheri         	M_Ch	- Branchiostomidae
branflor	ChordatC	Branchiostoma floridae         	M_Ch	- Branchiostomidae
brasnapu	Angiosp 	Brassica napus                 	P_Eu	Brassicales Brassicaceae
brasoler	Angiosp 	Brassica oleracea              	P_Eu	Brassicales Brassicaceae
brasrapa	Angiosp 	Brassica rapa                  	P_Eu	Brassicales Brassicaceae
bretbrux	unknown 	Brettanomyces bruxellensis     	F_As	Saccharomycetales Pichiaceae
brugmala	NematodO	Brugia malayi                  	M_Ne	Spirurida Onchocercidae
brugpaha	NematodO	Brugia pahangi                 	M_Ne	Spirurida Onchocercidae
brugtimo	NematodO	Brugia timori                  	M_Ne	Spirurida Onchocercidae
bubabuba	Tetrapod	Bubalus bubalis                	M_Mm	- Bovidae
bucerhin	Tetrapod	Buceros rhinoceros             	M_Av	Bucerotiformes Bucerotidae
bulginqu	unknown 	Bulgaria inquinans             	F_As	Phacidiales Bulgariaceae
bursxylo	bursxylo	Bursaphelenchus xylophilus     	M_Ne	Tylenchida Aphelenchoididae
bysscirc	Dothide1	Byssothecium circinans         	F_As	Pleosporales Massarinaceae
byssspec	unknown 	Byssochlamys spectabilis       	F_As	Eurotiales Thermoascaceae
cadospec	Dothide1	Cadophora spec                 	F_As	Helotiales -
caenanga	NematodC	Caenorhabditis angaria         	M_Ne	Rhabditida Rhabditidae
caenbren	NematodC	Caenorhabditis brenneri        	M_Ne	Rhabditida Rhabditidae
caenbrig	NematodC	Caenorhabditis briggsae        	M_Ne	Rhabditida Rhabditidae
caeneleg	NematodC	Caenorhabditis elegans         	M_Ne	Rhabditida Rhabditidae
caenjapo	NematodC	Caenorhabditis japonica        	M_Ne	Rhabditida Rhabditidae
caenrema	NematodC	Caenorhabditis remanei         	M_Ne	Rhabditida Rhabditidae
caensini	unknown 	Caenorhabditis sinica          	M_Ne	Rhabditida Rhabditidae
caentrop	NematodC	Caenorhabditis tropicalis      	M_Ne	Rhabditida Rhabditidae
cajacaja	Angiosp 	Cajanus cajan                  	P_Eu	Fabales Fabaceae
caliorie	Dothide1	Caliciopsis orientalis         	F_As	Coryneliales Coryneliaceae
calipugn	Tetrapod	Calidris pugnax                	M_Av	Charadriiformes Scolopacidae
calljacc	Tetrapod	Callithrix jacchus             	M_Mm	Primates Cebidae
callmili	Tetrapod	Callorhinchus milii            	M_Ch	Chimaeriformes Callorhinchidae
calocorn	Sordari1	Calocera cornea                	F_Ba	Dacrymycetales Dacrymycetaceae
calofulg	unknown 	Caloscypha fulgens             	F_As	Pezizales Caloscyphaceae
calopulc	Dothide1	Calosphaeria pulchella         	F_As	Calosphaeriales Calosphaeriaceae
calovisc	Sordari1	Calocera viscosa               	F_Ba	Dacrymycetales Dacrymycetaceae
calyanna	Tetrapod	Calypte anna                   	M_Av	Trochiliformes Trochilidae
camebact	Tetrapod	Camelus bactrianus             	M_Mm	- Camelidae
camedrom	Tetrapod	Camelus dromedarius            	M_Mm	- Camelidae
cameferu	Tetrapod	Camelus ferus                  	M_Mm	- Camelidae
camesati	Angiosp 	Camelina sativa                	P_Eu	Brassicales Brassicaceae
camesine	Angiosp 	Camellia sinensis              	P_Eu	Ericales Theaceae
campflor	Echinode	Camponotus floridanus          	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
candalbi	CandidaA	Candida albicans               	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
candarab	CandidaA	Candida arabinofermentans      	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
candauri	CandidaA	Candida auris                  	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
candcase	CandidaA	Candida caseinolytica          	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
canddubl	CandidaA	Candida dubliniensis           	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
candglab	CandidaA	Candida glabrata               	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
candguil	CandidaA	Candida guilliermondii         	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
candlusi	CandidaA	Candida lusitaniae             	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
candmalt	CandidaA	Candida maltosa                	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
candorth	CandidaA	Candida orthopsilosis          	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
candpara	CandidaA	Candida parapsilosis           	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
candtanz	CandidaA	Candida tanzawaensis           	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
candtenu	CandidaA	Candida tenuis                 	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
candtrop	CandidaA	Candida tropicalis             	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
canifami	Tetrapod	Canis familiaris               	M_Mm	Carnivora Canidae
canilupu	Tetrapod	Canis lupus                    	M_Mm	Carnivora Canidae
cannsati	Angiosp 	Cannabis sativa                	P_Eu	Rosales Cannabaceae
cantanzu	unknown 	Cantharellus anzutake          	F_Ba	Cantharellales Cantharellaceae
capitele	capitele	Capitella teleta               	M_An	Capitellida Capitellidae
caprcaro	Tetrapod	Caprimulgus carolinensis       	M_Av	Caprimulgiformes Caprimulgidae
caprcoro	unknown 	Capronia coronata              	F_As	Chaetothyriales Herpotrichiellaceae
caprepim	unknown 	Capronia epimyces              	F_As	Chaetothyriales Herpotrichiellaceae
caprhirc	Tetrapod	Capra hircus                   	M_Mm	- Bovidae
caprsemi	unknown 	Capronia semiimmersa           	F_As	Chaetothyriales Herpotrichiellaceae
capsannu	Angiosp 	Capsicum annuum                	P_Eu	Solanales Solanaceae
capsgran	Angiosp 	Capsella grandiflora           	P_Eu	Veneroida Donacidae
capsowcz	Oomycete 	Capsaspora owczarzaki          	O_Op	Ministeriida Capsasporidae
capsrube	Angiosp 	Capsella rubella               	P_Eu	Veneroida Donacidae
cardobsc	unknown 	Cardiocondyla obscurior        	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
caricris	Tetrapod	Cariama cristata               	M_Av	Gruiformes Cariamidae
caripapa	Angiosp 	Carica papaya                  	P_Eu	Brassicales Caricaceae
carlsyri	Tetrapod	Carlito syrichta                M_Mm	
castcana	unknown 	Castor canadensis              	M_Mm	Rodentia Castoridae
cataaqui	InsectGn	Catajapyx aquilonaris          	M_In	Diplura Japygidae
cateangu	Blastocl	Catenaria anguillulae          	F_Bl	Blastocladiales Catenariaceae
caviporc	Tetrapod	Cavia porcellus                	M_Mm	Rodentia Caviidae
cebucapu	unknown 	Cebus capucinus                	M_Mm	Primates Cebidae
cenogeop	Dothide1	Cenococcum geophilum           	F_As	- Gloniaceae
centscul	unknown 	Centruroides sculpturatus      	M_Ar	Scorpiones Buthidae
cephalbi	Sacchar1	Cephaloascus albidus           	F_As	Saccharomycetales Cephaloascaceae
cephcinc	InsectAg	Cephus cinctus                 	M_In	Hymenoptera Cephidae
cephfrag	Sacchar1	Cephaloascus fragrans          	F_As	Saccharomycetales Cephaloascaceae
cerabiro	Echinode	Cerapachys biroi               	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
cerabomb	unknown 	Ceraceosorus bombacis          	F_Ba	Ceraceosorales Ceraceosoraceae
ceracalc	unknown 	Ceratina calcarata             	M_In	Hymenoptera Apidae
ceracapi	InsectMd	Ceratitis capitata             	M_In	Diptera Tephritidae
ceraguam	unknown 	Ceraceosorus guamensis         	F_Ba	Ceraceosorales Ceraceosoraceae
ceraplat	unknown 	Ceratocystis platani           	F_As	Microascales Ceratocystidaceae
cerasimu	Tetrapod	Ceratotherium simum            	M_Mm	Perissodactyla Rhinocerotidae
cerasolm	Echinode	Ceratosolen solmsi             	M_In	Hymenoptera Agaonidae
ceraspec	unknown 	Ceratobasidium spec            	F_Ba	Cantharellales Ceratobasidiaceae
cercatys	Tetrapod	Cercocebus atys                	M_Mm	Primates Cercopithecidae
cerccaud	unknown 	Cercophora caudata             	F_As	Sordariales Lasiosphaeriaceae
cercnewf	unknown 	Cercophora newfieldiana        	F_As	Sordariales Lasiosphaeriaceae
cerczeae	Dothide1	Cercospora zeaemaydis          	F_As	Capnodiales Mycosphaerellaceae
cericera	unknown 	Cerinomyces ceraceus           	F_Ba	Dacrymycetales Cerinomycetaceae
cerisubv	Sordari1	Ceriporiopsis subvermispora    	F_Ba	Polyporales Meruliaceae
cerrunic	Dothide1	Cerrena unicolor               	F_Ba	Polyporales Polyporaceae
chaeglob	Dothide1	Chaetomium globosum            	F_As	Sordariales Chaetomiaceae
chaeinnu	unknown 	Chaetosphaeria innumera        	F_As	Hypocreales -
chaepela	Tetrapod	Chaetura pelagica              	M_Av	Apodiformes Apodidae
chaether	Dothide1	Chaetomium thermophilum        	F_As	Sordariales Chaetomiaceae
challong	Dothide1	Chalara longipes               	F_As	Helotiales -
charvoci	Tetrapod	Charadrius vociferus           	M_Av	Charadriiformes Charadriidae
chelmyda	Tetrapod	Chelonia mydas                 	M_Rp	Testudines Cheloniidae
chenquin	Angiosp 	Chenopodium quinoa             	P_Eu	Caryophyllales Chenopodiaceae
chilsupp	Echinode	Chilo suppressalis             	M_In	Lepidoptera Crambidae
chinlani	Tetrapod	Chinchilla lanigera            	M_Mm	Rodentia Chinchillidae
chioapob	chioapob	Chionosphaera apobasidialis    	F_Ba	Agaricostilbales Chionosphaeraceae
chiocuni	chioapob	Chionosphaera cuniculicola     	F_Ba	Agaricostilbales Chionosphaeraceae
chirtent	chirtent	Chironomus tentans             	M_In	Diptera Chironomidae
chlamacq	Tetrapod	Chlamydotis macqueenii         	M_Av	Gruiformes Otididae
chlarein	Chlospec	Chlamydomonas reinhardtii      	P_Ch	Chlamydomonadales Chlamydomonadaceae
chlosaba	Tetrapod	Chlorocebus sabaeus            	M_Mm	Primates Cercopithecidae
chlovari	Chlospec	Chlorella variabilis_NC64A     	P_Ch	Prasiolales -
chlovulg	Chlospec	Chlorella vulgaris             	P_Ch	Prasiolales -
choacucu	unknown 	Choanephora cucurbitarum       	F_Mu	Mucorales Choanephoraceae
choiveno	Dothide1	Choiromyces venosus            	F_As	Pezizales Tuberaceae
cholfoff	Tetrapod	Choloepus hoffmanni            	M_Mm	Pilosa Megalonychidae
choncris	Oomycete	Chondrus crispus               	P_Rh	Gigartinales Gigartinaceae
chromeso	Chroomon	Chroomonas mesostigmatica      	O_Cr	Pyrenomonadales Chroomonadaceae
chroveli	chroveli	Chromera velia                 	O_Al	- -
chrozofi	unknown 	Chromochloris zofingiensis     	P_Ch	Sphaeropleales Chromochloridaceae
chryasia	Tetrapod	Chrysochloris asiatica         	M_Mm	- Chrysochloridae
chrypict	Tetrapod	Chrysemys picta                	M_Rp	Testudines Emydidae
chytlage	unknown 	Chytridium lagenaria           	F_Ch	Chytridiales Chytridiaceae
chytspec	unknown 	Chytriomyces spec              	F_Ch	Chytridiales Chytriomycetaceae
cicearie	Angiosp 	Cicer arietinum                	P_Eu	Fabales Fabaceae
cimelect	InsectCl	Cimex lectularius              	M_In	Hemiptera Cimicidae
cioninte	Mollusca	Ciona intestinalis             	M_Ch	Enterogona Cionidae
cionsavi	ChordatC	Ciona savignyi                 	M_Ch	Enterogona Cionidae
circumbe	unknown 	Circinella umbellata           	F_Mu	Mucorales Lichtheimiaceae
citrclem	Angiosp 	Citrus clementina              	P_Eu	Sapindales Rutaceae
citrlana	Angiosp 	Citrullus lanatus              	P_Eu	Cucurbitales Cucurbitaceae
citrsine	Angiosp 	Citrus sinensis                	P_Eu	Sapindales Rutaceae
cladbant	unknown 	Cladophialophora bantiana      	F_As	Chaetothyriales Herpotrichiellaceae
cladbulb	unknown 	Cladorrhinum bulbillosum       	F_As	Sordariales Lasiosphaeriaceae
cladcarr	unknown 	Cladophialophora carrionii     	F_As	Chaetothyriales Herpotrichiellaceae
cladfulv	Dothide1	Cladosporium fulvum            	F_As	Capnodiales Cladosporiaceae
cladgray	Dothide1	Cladonia grayi                 	F_As	Lecanorales Cladoniaceae
cladimmu	unknown 	Cladophialophora immunda       	F_As	Chaetothyriales Herpotrichiellaceae
cladpsam	unknown 	Cladophialophora psammophila   	F_As	Chaetothyriales Herpotrichiellaceae
cladspha	Dothide1	Cladosporium sphaerospermum    	F_As	Capnodiales Cladosporiaceae
cladyegr	unknown 	Cladophialophora yegresii      	F_As	Chaetothyriales Herpotrichiellaceae
clatelyn	Dothide1	Clathrospora elynae            	F_As	Pleosporales Diademaceae
clavlusi	unknown 	Clavispora lusitaniae          	F_As	Saccharomycetales Metschnikowiaceae
clavpurp	unknown 	Claviceps purpurea             	F_As	Hypocreales Clavicipitaceae
clavpyxi	Sordari1	Clavicorona pyxidata           	F_Ba	Russulales Auriscalpiaceae
clavspec	Dothide1	Clavulina spec                 	F_Ba	Cantharellales Clavulinaceae
climbore	unknown 	Climacocystis borealis         	F_Ba	Polyporales Hapalopilaceae
clitgibb	unknown 	Clitocybe gibba                	F_Ba	Agaricales Tricholomataceae
clohaqua	unknown 	Clohesyomyces aquaticus        	F_As	Pleosporales Lindgomycetaceae
clonrose	unknown 	Clonostachys rosea             	F_As	Hypocreales Bionectriaceae
clonsine	NematodF	Clonorchis sinensis            	M_Pl	Opisthorchiida Opisthorchiidae
cluphare	Fish_mdl	Clupea harengus                	M_Fs	Clupeiformes Clupeidae
coccbart	unknown 	Coccodinium bartschii          	F_As	- Coccodiniaceae
coccimmi	Dothide1	Coccidioides immitis           	F_As	Onygenales -
coccporm	Dothide1	Coccidioides pormscc           	F_As	Onygenales -
coccposa	Dothide1	Coccidioides posadasii         	F_As	Onygenales -
coccposi	Dothide1	Coccidioides posilveira        	F_As	Onygenales -
coccstro	unknown 	Coccomyces strobi              	F_As	Rhytismatales Rhytismataceae
coccsube	Chlospec	Coccomyxa subellipsoidea       	P_Ch	Bivalvulida Coccomyxidae
cochcarb	Dothide1	Cochliobolus carbonum          	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
cochhet4	Dothide1	Cochliobolus het4              	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
cochhete	Dothide1	Cochliobolus heterostrophus    	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
cochluna	Dothide1	Cochliobolus lunatus           	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
cochmiya	Dothide1	Cochliobolus miyabeanus        	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
cochsati	Dothide1	Cochliobolus sativus           	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
cochvict	Dothide1	Cochliobolus victoriae         	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
coemreve	coemreve	Coemansia reversa              	F_Fu	Kickxellales Kickxellaceae
coemspir	coemreve	Coemansia spiralis             	F_Ki	Kickxellales Kickxellaceae
cokerecu	unknown 	Cokeromyces recurvatus         	F_Mu	Mucorales Mucoraceae
colistri	Tetrapod	Colius striatus                	M_Av	Coliiformes Coliidae
collacut	Dothide1	Colletotrichum acutatum        	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collcaud	Dothide1	Colletotrichum caudatum        	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collcere	Dothide1	Colletotrichum cereale         	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collchlo	Dothide1	Colletotrichum chlorophyti     	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collerem	Dothide1	Colletotrichum eremochloae     	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collfalc	Dothide1	Colletotrichum falcatum        	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collfior	Dothide1	Colletotrichum fioriniae       	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collgloe	Dothide1	Colletotrichum gloeosporioides 	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collgode	Dothide1	Colletotrichum godetiae        	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collgram	Dothide1	Colletotrichum graminicola     	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collhigg	Dothide1	Colletotrichum higginsianum    	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collinca	Dothide1	Colletotrichum incanum         	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
colllupi	Dothide1	Colletotrichum lupini          	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collnavi	Dothide1	Colletotrichum navitas         	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collnymp	Dothide1	Colletotrichum nymphaeae       	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collorbi	Dothide1	Colletotrichum orbiculare      	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collorch	Dothide1	Colletotrichum orchidophilum   	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collphor	Dothide1	Colletotrichum phormii         	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collsali	Dothide1	Colletotrichum salicis         	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collsimm	Dothide1	Colletotrichum simmondsii      	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collsome	Dothide1	Colletotrichum somersetensis   	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collsubl	Dothide1	Colletotrichum sublineola      	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
colltofi	Dothide1	Colletotrichum tofieldiae      	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collzoys	Dothide1	Colletotrichum zoysiae         	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
coloango	Tetrapod	Colobus angolensis             	M_Mm	Primates Cercopithecidae
colulivi	Tetrapod	Columba livia                  	M_Av	Columbiformes Columbidae
condcris	Tetrapod	Condylura cristata             	M_Mm	Insectivora Talpidae
coniapol	unknown 	Coniosporium apollinis         	F_As	Chaetothyriales Herpotrichiellaceae
conicoro	conicoro	Conidiobolus coronatus         	F_En	Entomophthorales Ancylistaceae
conilign	Dothide1	Coniochaeta ligniaria          	F_As	Coniochaetales Coniochaetaceae
conilust	unknown 	Coniella lustricola            	F_As	Diaporthales Schizoparmaceae
conioliv	Dothide1	Coniophora olivacea            	F_Ba	Boletales Coniophoraceae
conipute	Dothide1	Coniophora puteana             	F_Ba	Boletales Coniophoraceae
conispec	Dothide1	Coniochaeta spec               	F_As	Coniochaetales Coniochaetaceae
conithro	conicoro	Conidiobolus thromboides       	F_En	Entomophthorales Ancylistaceae
copiflor	InsectAg	Copidosoma floridanum          	M_In	Hymenoptera Encyrtidae
coprcine	Dothide1	Coprinopsis cinerea            	F_Ba	Agaricales Psathyrellaceae
coprmarc	Dothide1	Coprinopsis marcescibilis      	F_Ba	Agaricales Psathyrellaceae
coprmica	unknown 	Coprinellus micaceus           	F_Ba	Agaricales Psathyrellaceae
coprpell	unknown 	Coprinellus pellucidus         	F_Ba	Agaricales Psathyrellaceae
coprscle	Dothide1	Coprinopsis sclerotiger        	F_Ba	Agaricales Psathyrellaceae
corccaps	unknown 	Corchorus capsularis           	P_Eu	Malvales Malvaceae
cordbron	Dothide1	Cordyceps brongniartii         	F_As	Hypocreales Cordycipitaceae
cordconf	Dothide1	Cordyceps confragosa           	F_As	Hypocreales Cordycipitaceae
cordmili	Dothide1	Cordyceps militaris            	F_As	Hypocreales Cordycipitaceae
coromari	unknown 	Corollospora maritima          	F_As	Microascales Halosphaeriaceae
cortglau	Dothide1	Cortinarius glaucopus          	F_Ba	Agaricales Cortinariaceae
corvbrac	Tetrapod	Corvus brachyrhynchos          	M_Av	Passeriformes Corvidae
corvcorn	Tetrapod	Corvus cornix                  	M_Av	Passeriformes Corvidae
corycass	Dothide1	Corynespora cassicola          	F_As	Pleosporales Corynesporascaceae
cotevest	InsectAp	Cotesia vestalis               	M_In	Hymenoptera Braconidae
cotujapo	Tetrapod	Coturnix japonica              	M_Av	Galliformes Phasianidae
crasgiga	Echinode	Crassostrea gigas              	M_Mo	Ostreoida Ostreidae
crasvirg	unknown 	Crassostrea virginica          	M_Mo	Ostreoida Ostreidae
crepvari	unknown 	Crepidotus variabilis          	F_Ba	Agaricales Crepidotaceae
cricgris	Tetrapod	Cricetulus griseus             	M_Mm	Rodentia Cricetidae
critfasc	Archamoe	Crithidia fasciculata          	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
crocporo	unknown 	Crocodylus porosus             	M_Rp	Crocodylia Crocodylidae
cronquer	Puccinia	Cronartium quercuum            	F_Ba	Pucciniales Cronartiaceae
cruclaev	unknown 	Crucibulum laeve               	F_Ba	Agaricales Nidulariaceae
crypamyl	FungiAll	Cryptococcus amylolentus       	F_Ba	Filobasidiales Filobasidiaceae
crypande	Sporadot	Cryptosporidium andersoni	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Cryptosporidiidae
crypcurv	FungiAll	Cryptococcus curvatus          	F_Ba	Filobasidiales Filobasidiaceae
crypdepa	FungiAll	Cryptococcus depauperatus      	F_Ba	Filobasidiales Filobasidiaceae
crypgatt	FungiAll	Cryptococcus gattii            	F_Ba	Filobasidiales Filobasidiaceae
cryphomi	Sporadot	Cryptosporidium hominis        	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Cryptosporidiidae
crypmuri	Sporadot	Cryptosporidium muris          	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Cryptosporidiidae
crypneof	FungiAll	Cryptococcus neoformans        	F_Ba	Filobasidiales Filobasidiaceae
cryppara	ProtisGn	Cryptomonas paramecium  	O_Cr	Cryptomonadaceae Cryptomonas
crypparf	Oomycete	Cryphonectria parasitica       	F_As	Diaporthales Cryphonectriaceae
crypparv	Sporadot	Cryptosporidium parvum         	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Cryptosporidiidae
cryppopu	unknown 	Cryptodiaporthe populea        	F_As	Diaporthales Valsaceae
crypterr	FungiAll	Cryptococcus terricola         	F_Ba	Filobasidiales Filobasidiaceae
crypubiq	Sporadot	Cryptosporidium ubiquitum	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Cryptosporidiidae
crypvish	FungiAll	Cryptococcus vishniacii        	F_Ba	Filobasidiales Filobasidiaceae
crypwier	FungiAll	Cryptococcus wieringae         	F_Ba	Filobasidiales Filobasidiaceae
cucuberb	Dothide1	Cucurbitaria berberidis        	F_As	Pleosporales Cucurbitariaceae
cucucano	Tetrapod	Cuculus canorus                	M_Av	Cuculiformes Cuculidae
cucumelo	Angiosp 	Cucumis melo                   	P_Eu	Cucurbitales Cucurbitaceae
cucusati	Angiosp 	Cucumis sativus                	P_Eu	Cucurbitales Cucurbitaceae
culequin	InsectDm	Culex quinquefasciatus         	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
cunnechi	unknown 	Cunninghamella echinulata      	F_Mu	Mucorales Cunninghamellaceae
cutaolea	unknown 	Cutaneotrichosporon oleaginosus	F_Ba	Trichosporonales Trichosporonaceae
cyanmero	Cyanidia	Cyanidioschyzon merolae        	P_Ba	Cyanidiales Cyanidiaceae
cyatstri	unknown 	Cyathus striatus               	F_Ba	Agaricales Nidulariaceae
cybefabi	Dothide1	Cyberlindnera fabianii         	F_As	Saccharomycetales Phaffomycetaceae
cybejadi	Dothide1	Cyberlindnera jadinii          	F_As	Saccharomycetales Phaffomycetaceae
cyclcaye	unknown 	Cyclospora cayetanensis		O_Al	Eimeriidae Cyclospora
cyligold	NematodW	Cylicostephanus goldi          	M_Ne	Rhabditida Strongylidae
cylitorr	Sordari1	Cylindrobasidium torrendii     	F_Ba	Corticiales Corticiaceae
cynosemi	Fish_mdl	Cynoglossus semilaevis         	M_Fs	Pleuronectiformes Cynoglossidae
cyphcost	unknown 	Cyphomyrmex costatus           	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
cypheuro	unknown 	Cyphellophora europaea         	F_As	Chaetothyriales Cyphellophoraceae
cyprcarp	unknown 	Cyprinus carpio                	M_Fs	Cypriniformes Cyprinidae
cyprvari	Fish_mdl	Cyprinodon variegatus          	M_Fs	Cyprinodontiformes Cyprinodontidae
cystmurr	unknown 	Cystostereum murrayi           	F_Ba	Polyporales Cystostereaceae
cytafeli	cytafeli	Cytauxzoon felis               	O_Al	- Theileriidae
cytimelz	unknown 	Cytidiella melzeri             	F_Ba	Polyporales Phanerochaetaceae
dacrprim	Sordari1	Dacryopinax primogenitus       	F_Ba	Dacrymycetales Dacrymycetaceae
dacrspec	Sordari1	Dacryopinax species            	F_Ba	Dacrymycetales Dacrymycetaceae
dactcocc	InsectCl	Dactylopius coccus             	M_In	Hemiptera Dactylopiidae
dacthapt	unknown 	Dactylellina haptotyla         	F_As	Orbiliales Orbiliaceae
daedquer	Sordari1	Daedalea quercina              	F_Ba	Polyporales Coriolaceae
daldesch	Dothide1	Daldinia eschscholzii          	F_As	Xylariales Xylariaceae
danaplex	Echinode	Danaus plexippus               	M_In	Lepidoptera Nymphalidae
danireri	Fish_mdl	Danio rerio                    	M_Fs	Cypriniformes Cyprinidae
daphpule	ArthroDu	Daphnia pulex                  	M_Ar	Diplostraca Daphniidae
dasynove	Tetrapod	Dasypus novemcinctus           	M_Mm	Cingulata Dasypodidae
dauccaro	Angiosp 	Daucus carota                  	P_Eu	Apiales Apiaceae
debafabr	Saccharo	Debaryomyces fabryi            	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
debahans	Saccharo	Debaryomyces hansenii          	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
decogaud	unknown 	Decorospora gaudefroyi         	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
dekkbrux	unknown 	Dekkera bruxellensis           	F_As	Saccharomycetales Pichiaceae
deliconf	Dothide1	Delitschia confertaspora       	F_As	Pleosporales Delitschiaceae
delpleuc	unknown 	Delphinapterus leucas          	M_Mm	Cetacea Monodontidae
delpstro	unknown 	Delphinella strobiligena       	F_As	Dothideales Dothioraceae
dendbisp	Dothide1	Dendrothele bispora            	F_Ba	Corticiales Corticiaceae
dendpond	InsectCo	Dendroctonus ponderosae        	M_In	Coleoptera Curculionidae
dentspec	unknown 	Dentipellis spec               	F_Ba	Russulales Hericiaceae
diacallo	Echinode	Diachasma alloeum              	M_In	Hymenoptera Braconidae
diapampe	unknown 	Diaporthe ampelina             	F_As	Diaporthales Diaporthaceae
diapcitr	ChordatC	Diaphorina citri               	M_In	Hemiptera Psyllidae
diapheli	unknown 	Diaporthe helianthi            	F_As	Diaporthales Diaporthaceae
dicheleg	unknown 	Dichotomocladium elegans       	F_Mu	Mucorales Lichtheimiaceae
dichsqua	Sordari1	Dichomitus squalens            	F_Ba	Polyporales Polyporaceae
dictdisc	Dictyost	Dictyostelium discoideum       	O_Am	Dictyosteliida -
dictfasc	Dictyost	Dictyostelium fasciculatum     	O_Am	Dictyosteliida -
dictlact	Dictyost	Dictyostelium lacteum   	O_Am	Dictyosteliida -
dictpurp	Dictyost	Dictyostelium purpureum        	O_Am	Dictyosteliida -
dictvivi	NematodN	Dictyocaulus viviparus         	M_Ne	Rhabditida Dictyocaulidae
didyexig	Dothide1	Didymella exigua               	F_As	Pleosporales Didymellaceae
didysada	unknown 	Didymocrea sadasivanii         	F_As	- Zopfiaceae
didyzeae	Dothide1	Didymella zeae-maydis          	F_As	Pleosporales Didymellaceae
dinoquad	Echinode	Dinoponera quadriceps          	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
dioscryo	dioscryo	Dioszegia cryoxerica           	F_Ba	Tremellales -
diphlatu	NematodF	Diphyllobothrium latum         	M_Pl	Diphyllobothriidea Diphyllobothriidae
diplcort	unknown 	Diplodia corticola             	F_As	Botryosphaeriales Botryosphaeriaceae
diplseri	unknown 	Diplodia seriata               	F_As	Botryosphaeriales Botryosphaeriaceae
dipoordi	Tetrapod	Dipodomys ordii                	M_Mm	Rodentia Heteromyidae
diroimmi	NematodO	Dirofilaria immitis            	M_Ne	Spirurida Onchocercidae
dissacic	Dothide1	Dissoconium aciculare          	F_As	Capnodiales Dissoconiaceae
ditydest	unknown 	Ditylenchus destructor         	M_Ne	Tylenchida Anguinidae
diurnoxi	InsectCl	Diuraphis noxia                	M_In	Hemiptera Aphididae
dothsept	Dothide1	Dothistroma septosporum        	F_As	Capnodiales Mycosphaerellaceae
dothsymp	Dothide1	Dothidotthia symphoricarpi     	F_As	Pleosporales Dothidotthiaceae
dracmedi	NematodO	Dracunculus medinensis         	M_Ne	Spirurida Dracunculidae
drecconi	unknown 	Drechmeria coniospora          	F_As	Hypocreales Ophiocordycipitaceae
drecsten	unknown 	Drechslerella stenobrocha      	F_As	Orbiliales Orbiliaceae
drosalbo	InsectDm	Drosophila albomicans          	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosanan	InsectDm	Drosophila ananassae           	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosariz	unknown 	Drosophila arizonae            	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosbiar	InsectDm	Drosophila biarmipes           	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosbipe	InsectDm	Drosophila bipectinata         	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosbusc	unknown 	Drosophila busckii             	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
droseleg	InsectDm	Drosophila elegans             	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
droserec	InsectDm	Drosophila erecta              	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
droseugr	InsectDm	Drosophila eugracilis          	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosficu	InsectDm	Drosophila ficusphila          	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosgrim	InsectDm	Drosophila grimshawi           	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
droskikk	InsectDm	Drosophila kikkawai            	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosmela	InsectDm	Drosophila melanogaster        	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosmira	InsectDm	Drosophila miranda             	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosmoja	InsectDm	Drosophila mojavensis          	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosnavo	unknown 	Drosophila navojoa             	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosobsc	unknown 	Drosophila obscura             	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drospers	InsectDm	Drosophila persimilis          	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drospseu	InsectDm	Drosophila pseudoobscura       	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosrhop	InsectDm	Drosophila rhopaloa            	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drossech	InsectDm	Drosophila sechellia           	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosserr	unknown 	Drosophila serrata             	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drossimu	InsectDm	Drosophila simulans            	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drossuzu	InsectDm	Drosophila suzukii             	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drostaka	InsectDm	Drosophila takahashii          	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosviri	InsectDm	Drosophila virilis             	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
droswill	InsectMd	Drosophila willistoni          	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosyaku	InsectDm	Drosophila yakuba              	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
dufonova	InsectAg	Dufourea novaeangliae          	M_In	Teloschistales Teloschistaceae
dunasali	dunasali	Dunaliella salina              	P_Ch	Chlamydomonadales Dunaliellaceae
echicana	NematodB	Echinococcus canadensis        	M_Pl	Cyclophyllidea Taeniidae
echicapr	NematodF	Echinostoma caproni            	M_Pl	Plagiorchiida Echinostomatidae
echigran	NematodB	Echinococcus granulosus        	M_Pl	Cyclophyllidea Taeniidae
echimult	NematodB	Echinococcus multilocularis    	M_Pl	Cyclophyllidea Taeniidae
echitelf	Tetrapod	Echinops telfairi              	M_Mm	Asterales Asteraceae
edhaaedi	unknown 	Edhazardia aedis               	F_Mi	- Culicosporidae
egregarz	Tetrapod	Egretta garzetta               	M_Av	Pelecaniformes Ardeidae
eimeacer	Eimeria 	Eimeria acervulina             	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Eimeriidae
eimebrun	Eimeria 	Eimeria brunetti               	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Eimeriidae
eimefalc	Eimeria 	Eimeria falciformis     	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Eimeriidae
eimemaxi	Eimeria 	Eimeria maxima                 	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Eimeriidae
eimemiti	Eimeria 	Eimeria mitis                  	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Eimeriidae
eimeneca	Eimeria 	Eimeria necatrix               	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Eimeriidae
eimeprae	Eimeria 	Eimeria praecox                	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Eimeriidae
eimetene	Eimeria 	Eimeria tenella                	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Eimeriidae
elaeelap	NematodO	Elaeophora elaphi              	M_Ne	Spirurida Onchocercidae
elaeguin	Angiosp 	Elaeis guineensis              	P_Mo	Arecales Arecaceae
elepedwa	Tetrapod	Elephantulus edwardii          	M_Mm	Macroscelidea Macroscelididae
elsiampe	unknown 	Elsinoe ampelina               	F_As	Myriangiales Elsinoaceae
emerpast	unknown 	Emergomyces pasteuriana        	F_As	Onygenales Ajellomycetaceae	 
emilhuxl	emilhuxl	Emiliania huxleyi              	O_Ha	Isochrysidales Noelaerhabdaceae
emmocres	unknown 	Emmonsia crescens              	F_As	Onygenales Ajellomycetaceae
emmoparv	unknown 	Emmonsia parva                 	F_As	Onygenales Ajellomycetaceae
emmospec	unknown 	Emmonsia spec                  	F_As	Onygenales Ajellomycetaceae
encecuni	FungiAll	Encephalitozoon cuniculi       	F_Mi	- Unikaryonidae
encehell	FungiAll	Encephalitozoon hellem         	F_Mi	- Unikaryonidae
enceinte	FungiAll	Encephalitozoon intestinalis   	F_Mi	- Unikaryonidae
enceroma	FungiAll	Encephalitozoon romaleae       	F_Mi	- Unikaryonidae
endomont	Archamoe	Endotrypanum monterogeii       	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
endopusi	unknown 	Endocarpon pusillum            	F_As	Verrucariales Verrucariaceae
enhylutr	unknown 	Enhydra lutris                 	M_Mm	Carnivora Mustelidae
entadisp	Archamoe	Entamoeba dispar               	O_Am	- -
entahist	Archamoe	Entamoeba histolytica          	O_Am	- -
entainva	Archamoe	Entamoeba invadens             	O_Am	- -
entamosh	Archamoe	Entamoeba moshkovskii          	O_Am	- -
entanutt	Archamoe	Entamoeba nuttalli             	O_Am	- -
entebien	FungiAll	Enterocytozoon bieneusi        	F_Mi	- Enterocytozoonidae
entecanc	unknown 	Enterospora canceri            	F_Mi	- Enterocytozoonidae
entehepa	FungiAll	Enterocytozoon hepatopenaei    	F_Mi	- Enterocytozoonidae
enteverm	NematodO	Enterobius vermicularis        	M_Ne	Oxyurida Oxyuridae
entoheli	unknown 	Entophlyctis helioformis       	F_Ch	Chytridiales Chytriomycetaceae
entomamm	unknown 	Entoleuca mammata              	F_As	Xylariales Xylariaceae
eperfalc	Eimeria 	Epermenia falciformis          	O_Op	Lepidoptera Epermeniidae
ephedani	InsectGn	Ephemera danica                	M_In	Ephemeroptera Ephemeridae
eptefusc	Tetrapod	Eptesicus fuscus               	M_Mm	Chiroptera Vespertilionidae
equuasin	Tetrapod	Equus asinus                   	M_Mm	Perissodactyla Equidae
equucaba	Tetrapod	Equus caballus                 	M_Mm	Perissodactyla Equidae
equuprze	Tetrapod	Equus przewalskii              	M_Mm	Perissodactyla Equidae
erembila	Dothide1	Eremomyces bilateralis         	F_As	- Eremomycetaceae
eremcymb	Saccharo	Eremothecium cymbalariae       	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
eremgoss	Saccharo	Eremothecium gossypii          	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
eremsine	Saccharo	Eremothecium sinecaudum        	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
erineuro	Tetrapod	Erinaceus europaeus            	M_Mm	Insectivora Erinaceidae
erysneca	unknown 	Erysiphe necator               	F_As	Erysiphales Erysiphaceae
erytgutt	Angiosp 	Erythranthe guttata            	P_Eu	Lamiales Phrymaceae
erythase	Sordari1	Erythrobasidium hasegawianum   	F_Ba	Erythrobasidiales Erythrobasidiaceae
escowebe	unknown 	Escovopsis weberi              	F_As	Hypocreales Hypocreaceae
esoxluci	Fish_mdl	Esox lucius                    	M_Fs	Esociformes Esocidae
eucacama	Angiosp 	Eucalyptus camaldulensis       	P_Eu	Myrtales Myrtaceae
eucagran	Angiosp 	Eucalyptus grandis             	P_Eu	Myrtales Myrtaceae
eufrmexi	unknown 	Eufriesea mexicana             	M_In	Hymenoptera Apidae
eugldile	unknown 	Euglossa dilemma               	M_In	Hymenoptera Apidae
euroherb	Dothide1	Eurotium herbariorum           	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
eurorubr	Dothide1	Eurotium rubrum                	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
euryaffi	unknown 	Eurytemora affinis             	M_Ar	Calanoida Temoridae
euryheli	Tetrapod	Eurypyga helias                	M_Av	Gruiformes Eurypygidae
eutrsals	Angiosp 	Eutrema salsugineum            	P_Eu	Brassicales Brassicaceae
eutylata	Dothide1	Eutypa lata                    	F_As	Xylariales Diatrypaceae
exaipall	unknown 	Exaiptasia pallida             	M_Cn	Actiniaria Aiptasiidae
exidglan	Sordari1	Exidia glandulosa              	F_Ba	Auriculariales Exidiaceae
exobvacc	exobvacc	Exobasidium vaccinii           	F_Ba	Exobasidiales Exobasidiaceae
exopalca	unknown 	Exophiala alcalophila          	F_As	Chaetothyriales Chaetothyriaceae
exopaqua	unknown 	Exophiala aquamarina           	F_As	Chaetothyriales Chaetothyriaceae
exopderm	unknown 	Exophiala dermatitidis         	F_As	Chaetothyriales Chaetothyriaceae
exopmeso	unknown 	Exophiala mesophila            	F_As	Chaetothyriales Chaetothyriaceae
exopolig	unknown 	Exophiala oligosperma          	F_As	Chaetothyriales Chaetothyriaceae
exopside	unknown 	Exophiala sideris              	F_As	Chaetothyriales Chaetothyriaceae
exopspin	unknown 	Exophiala spinifera            	F_As	Chaetothyriales Chaetothyriaceae
exopxeno	unknown 	Exophiala xenobiotica          	F_As	Chaetothyriales Chaetothyriaceae
falccher	Tetrapod	Falco cherrug                  	M_Av	Falconiformes Falconidae
falcpere	Tetrapod	Falco peregrinus               	M_Av	Falconiformes Falconidae
faschepa	faschepa	Fasciola hepatica              	M_Pl	Plagiorchiida Fasciolidae
felicatu	Tetrapod	Felis catus                    	M_Mm	Carnivora Felidae
fellpeni	unknown 	Fellomyces penicillatus        	F_Ba	Tremellales -
fennspec	unknown 	Fennellomyces spec             	F_Mu	Mucorales Lichtheimiaceae
fibrradi	Dothide1	Fibroporia radiculosa          	F_Ba	Polyporales Polyporaceae
fibuinco	unknown 	Fibulobasidium inconspicuum    	F_Ba	Tremellales Sirobasidiaceae
fibuspec	Dothide1	Fibulorhizoctonia spec         	F_Ba	Atheliales Atheliaceae
ficealbi	Tetrapod	Ficedula albicollis            	M_Av	Passeriformes Muscicapidae
fisthepa	Dothide1	Fistulina hepatica             	F_Ba	Agaricales Fistulinaceae
folscand	unknown 	Folsomia candida               	M_Ar	- Isotomidae
fomefome	unknown 	Fomes fomentarius              	F_Ba	Polyporales Coriolaceae
fomimedi	Dothide1	Fomitiporia mediterranea       	F_Ba	Hymenochaetales Hymenochaetaceae
fomipini	Sordari1	Fomitopsis pinicola            	F_Ba	Polyporales Fomitopsidaceae
fonserec	unknown 	Fonsecaea erecta               	F_As	Chaetothyriales Herpotrichiellaceae
fonsmono	unknown 	Fonsecaea monophora            	F_As	Chaetothyriales Herpotrichiellaceae
fonsmult	unknown 	Fonsecaea multimorphosa        	F_As	Chaetothyriales Herpotrichiellaceae
fonsnubi	unknown 	Fonsecaea nubica               	F_As	Chaetothyriales Herpotrichiellaceae
fonspedr	unknown 	Fonsecaea pedrosoi             	F_As	Chaetothyriales Herpotrichiellaceae
fontalba	fontalba 	Fonticula alba                 	O_Op	Fonticulida Fonticulaceae
fopiaris	Echinode	Fopius arisanus                	M_In	Hymenoptera Braconidae
fraganan	Angiosp 	Fragaria ananassa              	P_Eu	Rosales Rosaceae
fragcyli	fragcyli	Fragilariopsis cylindrus       	O_St	Bacillariales Bacillariaceae
fragvesc	Angiosp 	Fragaria vesca                 	P_Eu	Rosales Rosaceae
franocci	InsectAg	Frankliniella occidentalis     	M_In	Thysanoptera Thripidae
fukodama	Tetrapod	Fukomys damarensis             	M_Mm	Rodentia Bathyergidae
fulmglac	Tetrapod	Fulmarus glacialis             	M_Av	Procellariiformes Procellariidae
fundhete	Fish_mdl	Fundulus heteroclitus          	M_Fs	Cyprinodontiformes Fundulidae
fusaculm	Dothide1	Fusarium culmorum              	F_As	Hypocreales Nectriaceae
fusafuji	Dothide1	Fusarium fujikuroi             	F_As	Hypocreales Nectriaceae
fusagram	Dothide1	Fusarium graminearum           	F_As	Hypocreales Nectriaceae
fusalang	Dothide1	Fusarium langsethiae           	F_As	Hypocreales Nectriaceae
fusamang	Dothide1	Fusarium mangiferae            	F_As	Hypocreales Nectriaceae
fusaoxys	Dothide1	Fusarium oxysporum             	F_As	Hypocreales Nectriaceae
fusapoae	Dothide1	Fusarium poae                  	F_As	Hypocreales Nectriaceae
fusaprol	Dothide1	Fusarium proliferatum          	F_As	Hypocreales Nectriaceae
fusapseu	Dothide1	Fusarium pseudograminearum     	F_As	Hypocreales Nectriaceae
fusaredo	Dothide1	Fusarium redolens              	F_As	Hypocreales Nectriaceae
fusasola	Dothide1	Fusarium solani                	F_As	Hypocreales Nectriaceae
fusavert	Dothide1	Fusarium verticillioides       	F_As	Hypocreales Nectriaceae
gadumorh	Fish_mdl	Gadus morhua                   	M_Fs	Gadiformes Gadidae
gaersemi	unknown 	Gaertneriomyces semiglobifer   	F_Ch	Spizellomycetales Spizellomycetaceae
gaeugram	Sordari3	Gaeumannomyces graminis        	F_As	Magnaporthales Magnaporthaceae
gaeutrit	Sordari3	Gaeumannomyces tritici         	F_As	Magnaporthales Magnaporthaceae
galdsulp	Cyanidia	Galdieria sulphuraria          	P_Ba	Cyanidiales Cyanidiaceae
galemarg	Dothide1	Galerina marginata             	F_Ba	Agaricales Strophariaceae
galeocci	unknown 	Galendromus occidentalis       	M_Ar	Mesostigmata Phytoseiidae
galevari	Tetrapod	Galeopterus variegatus         	M_Mm	Dermoptera Cynocephalidae
gallgall	Tetrapod	Gallus gallus                  	M_Av	Galliformes Phasianidae
ganospec	Sordari1	Ganoderma species              	F_Ba	Polyporales Ganodermataceae
gastacul	Fish_mdl	Gasterosteus aculeatus         	M_Fs	Perciformes Gasterosteidae
gautmorc	unknown 	Gautieria morchelliformis      	F_Ba	Gomphales Gautieriaceae
gavigang	unknown 	Gavialis gangeticus            	M_Rp	Crocodylia Gavialidae
gavistel	Tetrapod	Gavia stellata                 	M_Av	Gaviiformes Gaviidae
gekkjapo	Tetrapod	Gekko japonicus                	M_Rp	Squamata Gekkonidae
gelasubv	unknown 	Gelatoporia subvermispora      	F_Ba	Polyporales Coriolaceae
geosfort	Tetrapod	Geospiza fortis                	M_Av	Passeriformes Thraupidae
geotcand	unknown 	Geotrichum candidum            	F_As	Saccharomycetales Dipodascaceae
gerrbuen	InsectCl	Gerris buenoi                  	M_In	Hemiptera Gerridae
giarinte	Archamoe	Giardia intestinalis           	O_Fo	- Hexamitidae
giarlamb	Archamoe	Giardia lamblia                	O_Fo	- Hexamitidae
gibbmoni	Dothide1	Gibberella moniliformis        	F_As	
gibbzeae	Dothide1	Gibberella zeae                	F_As	
gilbpers	unknown 	Gilbertella persicaria         	F_Mu	Mucorales Choanephoraceae
glarlozo	Dothide1	Glarea lozoyensis              	F_As	Helotiales Helotiaceae
globpall	NematodE	Globodera pallida              	M_Ne	Tylenchida Heteroderidae
globpoll	unknown 	Globomyces pollinis-pini       	F_Ch	Rhizophydiales Globomycetaceae
globrost	unknown 	Globodera rostochiensis        	M_Ne	Tylenchida Heteroderidae
gloeconv	unknown 	Gloeopeniophorella convolvens  	F_Ba	Corticiales Corticiaceae
gloetrab	Sordari1	Gloeophyllum trabeum           	F_Ba	Gloeophyllales Gloeophyllaceae
glomacut	Dothide1	Glomerella acutata             	F_As	Coleoptera Coccinellidae
glomcing	Dothide1	Glomerella cingulata           	F_As	Coleoptera Coccinellidae
glomgram	Dothide1	Glomerella graminicola         	F_As	Coleoptera Coccinellidae
glonstel	Dothide1	Glonium stellatum              	F_As	- Gloniaceae
glosaust	InsectGl	Glossina austeni               	M_In	Diptera Glossinidae
glosbrev	InsectGl	Glossina brevipalpis           	M_In	Diptera Glossinidae
glosfusc	InsectGl	Glossina fuscipes              	M_In	Diptera Glossinidae
glosmors	InsectGl	Glossina morsitans             	M_In	Diptera Glossinidae
glospall	InsectGl	Glossina pallidipes            	M_In	Diptera Glossinidae
glospalp	InsectGl	Glossina palpalis              	M_In	Diptera Glossinidae
glycmax_	Angiosp 	Glycine max                    	P_Eu	Fabales Fabaceae
gonaprol	gonaprol	Gonapodya prolifera            	F_Ch	Monoblepharidales Gonapodyaceae
gongbutl	unknown 	Gongronella butleri            	F_Mu	Mucorales Cunninghamellaceae
gongpulc	NematodA	Gongylonema pulchrum           	M_Ne	Spirurida Gongylonematidae
gorigori	Tetrapod	Gorilla gorilla                	M_Mm	Primates Hominidae
gosshirs	unknown 	Gossypium hirsutum             	P_Eu	Malvales Malvaceae
gossraim	Angiosp 	Gossypium raimondii            	P_Eu	Malvales Malvaceae
gregniph	gregniph	Gregarina niphandrodes         	O_Al	Eugregarinorida Gregarinidae
gremabie	unknown 	Gremmeniella abietina          	F_As	Helotiales Helotiaceae
griffron	unknown 	Grifola frondosa               	F_Ba	Agaricales Schizophyllaceae
grosclav	Sordari1	Grosmannia clavigera           	F_As	Ophiostomatales Ophiostomataceae
guilthet	Chroomon	Guillardia theta               	O_Cr	Pyrenomonadales Geminigeraceae
guyanecr	Dothide1	Guyanagaster necrorhiza        	F_Ba	Agaricales Physalacriaceae
gymnandr	Dothide1	Gymnopus androsaceus           	F_Ba	Agaricales Omphalotaceae
gymnaura	Dothide1	Gymnascella aurantiaca         	F_As	Onygenales Gymnoascaceae
gymnchry	Dothide1	Gymnopilus chrysopellus        	F_Ba	Agaricales Cortinariaceae
gymncitr	Dothide1	Gymnascella citrina            	F_As	Onygenales Gymnoascaceae
gymnearl	Dothide1	Gymnopus earleae               	F_Ba	Agaricales Omphalotaceae
gymnjuno	Dothide1	Gymnopilus junonius            	F_Ba	Agaricales Cortinariaceae
gymnluxu	Dothide1	Gymnopus luxurians             	F_Ba	Agaricales Omphalotaceae
gyroescu	unknown 	Gyromitra esculenta            	F_As	Pezizales Discinaceae
gyrolivi	Dothide1	Gyrodon lividus                	F_Ba	Boletales Gyrodontaceae
gyrosala	unknown 	Gyrodactylus salaris           	M_Pl	- Gyrodactylidae
habrlabo	unknown 	Habropoda laboriosa            	M_In	Hymenoptera Apidae
haemcont	NematodN	Haemonchus contortus           	M_Ne	Rhabditida Haemonchidae
haemplac	NematodN	Haemonchus placei              	M_Ne	Rhabditida Haemonchidae
halialbi	Tetrapod	Haliaeetus albicilla           	M_Av	Falconiformes Accipitridae
halileuc	Tetrapod	Haliaeetus leucocephalus       	M_Av	Falconiformes Accipitridae
halyhaly	ArthroPe	Halyomorpha halys              	M_In	Hemiptera Pentatomidae
hammhamm	Conoida1	Hammondia hammondi             	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Sarcocystidae
hansguil	Saccharo	Hanseniaspora guilliermondii   	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycodaceae
hansopun	Saccharo	Hanseniaspora opuntiae         	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycodaceae
hansosmo	Saccharo	Hanseniaspora osmophila        	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycodaceae
hanspoly	Saccharo	Hansenula polymorpha           	F_As	Saccharomycetales Pichiaceae
hansuvar	Saccharo	Hanseniaspora uvarum           	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycodaceae
hansvalb	Saccharo	Hanseniaspora valbyensis       	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycodaceae
haplburt	Fish_mdl	Haplochromis burtoni           	M_Fs	Cichliformes Cichlidae
harpsalt	Echinode	Harpegnathos saltator          	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
hebecyli	Dothide1	Hebeloma cylindrosporum        	F_Ba	Agaricales Cortinariaceae
heliannu	unknown 	Helianthus annuus              	P_Eu	Asterales Asteraceae
heliarmi	unknown 	Helicoverpa armigera           	M_In	Lepidoptera Noctuidae
helimelp	InsectAc	Heliconius melpomene           	M_In	Lepidoptera Nymphalidae
helipoly	NematodN	Heligmosomoides polygyrus      	M_Ne	Rhabditida Heligmosomatidae
helisulc	unknown 	Heliocybe sulcata              	F_Ba	Polyporales Polyporaceae
helivire	unknown 	Heliothis virescens            	M_In	Lepidoptera Noctuidae
helorobu	helorobu	Helobdella robusta             	M_An	Rhynchobdellida Glossiphoniidae
hemiande	unknown 	Hemiselmis andersenii   	O_Cr	Hemiselmidaceae Hemiselmis
hepaerio	unknown 	Hepatospora eriocheir          	F_Mi	- Enterocytozoonidae
hessvesi	hessvesi	Hesseltinella vesiculosa       	F_Fu	Mucorales Cunninghamellaceae
heteanno	Sordari1	Heterobasidion annosum         	F_Ba	Russulales Bondarzewiaceae
hetebact	hetebact	Heterorhabditis bacteriophora  	M_Ne	Rhabditida Heterorhabditidae
heteglab	Tetrapod	Heterocephalus glaber          	M_Mm	Rodentia Bathyergidae
heteirre	Sordari1	Heterobasidion irregulare      	F_Ba	Russulales Bondarzewiaceae
hetepycn	hetepycn	Heterogastridium pycnidioideum 	F_Ba	Heterogastridiales Heterogastridiaceae
hexaniti	unknown 	Hexagonia nitida               	F_Ba	Polyporales Polyporaceae
hipparmi	unknown 	Hipposideros armiger           	M_Mm	Chiroptera Hipposideridae
hippcome	unknown 	Hippocampus comes              	M_Fs	Syngnathiformes Syngnathidae
hirsminn	unknown 	Hirsutella minnesotensis       	F_As	Hypocreales Ophiocordycipitaceae
histcag1	Dothide1	Histoplasma cag186ar           	F_As	Onygenales Ajellomycetaceae
histcah1	Dothide1	Histoplasma cah143             	F_As	Onygenales Ajellomycetaceae
histcah8	Dothide1	Histoplasma cah88              	F_As	Onygenales Ajellomycetaceae
histcana	Dothide1	Histoplasma canam1             	F_As	Onygenales Ajellomycetaceae
histcaps	Dothide1	Histoplasma capsulatum         	F_As	Onygenales Ajellomycetaceae
homavitr	InsectHe	Homalodisca vitripennis        	M_In	Hemiptera Cicadellidae
homopoly	unknown 	Homolaphlyctis polyrhiza       	F_Ch	Rhizophydiales -
homosapi	Tetrapod	Homo sapiens                   	M_Mm	Primates Hominidae
hordvulg	unknown 	Hordeum vulgare                	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
hortacid	unknown 	Hortaea acidophila             	F_As	Dothideales -
hortwern	unknown 	Hortaea werneckii              	F_As	Dothideales -
hyalarab	Oomycete	Hyaloperonospora arabidopsidis 	O_St	Peronosporales Peronosporaceae
hyalazte	unknown 	Hyalella azteca                	M_Ar	Amphipoda Hyalellidae
hyalblep	unknown 	Hyalopycnis blepharistoma      	F_Ba	Heterogastridiales Heterogastridiaceae
hydataen	NematodB	Hydatigera taeniaeformis       	M_Pl	Cyclophyllidea Taeniidae
hydnfimb	unknown 	Hydnopolyporus fimbriatus      	F_Ba	Polyporales Meripilaceae
hydnpina	Dothide1	Hydnomerulius pinastri         	F_Ba	Boletales Paxillaceae
hydnrufe	unknown 	Hydnum rufescens               	F_Ba	Cantharellales Hydnaceae
hydrmagn	Echinode	Hydra magnipapillata           	M_Cn	Anthoathecata Hydridae
hydrvulg	hydrvulg	Hydra vulgaris                 	M_Cn	Anthoathecata Hydridae
hymedimi	Hymenole	Hymenolepis diminuta           	M_Pl	Asterales Asteraceae
hymemicr	Hymenole	Hymenolepis microstoma         	M_Pl	Asterales Asteraceae
hymenana	Hymenole	Hymenolepis nana               	M_Pl	Asterales Asteraceae
hymeradi	unknown 	Hymenopellis radicata          	F_Ba	Agaricales Physalacriaceae
hymevari	unknown 	Hymenoscyphus varicosporoides  	F_As	Helotiales Helotiaceae
hyphburt	hyphburt	Hyphopichia burtonii           	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
hyphsubl	Dothide1	Hypholoma sublateritium        	F_Ba	Agaricales Strophariaceae
hypohamp	InsectCo	Hypothenemus hampei            	M_In	Coleoptera Curculionidae
hypospco	Sordari1	Hypoxylon spCO275              	F_As	Xylariales Xylariaceae
hypospec	Sordari1	Hypoxylon species              	F_As	Xylariales Xylariaceae
hypsmarm	unknown 	Hypsizygus marmoreus           	F_Ba	Agaricales Lyophyllaceae
hystpuli	Dothide1	Hysterium pulicare             	F_As	Hysteriales Hysteriaceae
ichtmult	ichtmult	Ichthyophthirius multifiliis   	O_Al	Hymenostomatida -
ictapunc	unknown 	Ictalurus punctatus            	M_Fs	Siluriformes Ictaluridae
ictitrid	Tetrapod	Ictidomys tridecemlineatus     	M_Mm	Rodentia Sciuridae
ilyoeuro	FungiAll	Ilyonectria europaea           	F_As	Hypocreales Nectriaceae
ilyoradi	FungiAll	Ilyonectria radicola           	F_As	Hypocreales Nectriaceae
ilyorobu	FungiAll	Ilyonectria robusta            	F_As	Hypocreales Nectriaceae
ilyospec	FungiAll	Ilyonectria spec               	F_As	Hypocreales Nectriaceae
irpelact	unknown 	Irpex lacteus                  	F_Ba	Polyporales -
isarfumo	unknown 	Isaria fumosorosea             	F_As	Hypocreales Cordycipitaceae
ixodscap	ixodscap	Ixodes scapularis              	M_Ar	Ixodida Ixodidae
jaapargi	Dothide1	Jaapia argillacea              	F_Ba	Jaapiales Jaapiaceae
jacujacu	Tetrapod	Jaculus jaculus                	M_Mm	Rodentia Dipodidae
jamispec	jamispec	Jaminaea spec                  	F_Ba	Microstromatales -
jatrcurc	Angiosp 	Jatropha curcas                	P_Eu	Malpighiales Euphorbiaceae
kalafedt	unknown 	Kalanchoe fedtschenkoi         	P_Eu	Saxifragales Crassulaceae
kalalaxi	Angiosp 	Kalanchoe laxiflora            	P_Eu	Saxifragales Crassulaceae
kalamarn	Angiosp 	Kalanchoe marnieriana          	P_Eu	Saxifragales Crassulaceae
kalapfei	unknown 	Kalaharituber pfeilii          	F_As	Pezizales Pezizaceae
kalmbras	unknown 	Kalmanozyma brasiliensis       	F_Ba	Ustilaginales Ustilaginaceae
karsrhod	Dothide1	Karstenula rhodostom           	F_As	Pleosporales Didymosphaeriaceae
kazaafri	Saccharo	Kazachstania africana          	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
kazanaga	Saccharo	Kazachstania naganishii        	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
khusoryz	unknown 	Khuskia oryzae                 	F_As	Trichosphaeriales Trichosphaeriaceae
kickalab	unknown 	Kickxella alabastrina          	F_Ki	Kickxellales Kickxellaceae
kluylact	Saccharo	Kluyveromyces lactis           	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
kluymarx	Saccharo	Kluyveromyces marxianus        	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
kockimpe	unknown 	Kockovaella imperatae          	F_Ba	Tremellales -
komapast	Saccharo	Komagataella pastoris          	F_As	Saccharomycetales Phaffomycetaceae
komaphaf	Saccharo	Komagataella phaffii           	F_As	Saccharomycetales Phaffomycetaceae
krypmarm	unknown 	Kryptolebias marmoratus        	M_Fs	Cyprinodontiformes -
kuracaps	unknown 	Kuraishia capsulata            	F_As	Saccharomycetales -
kwonbest	unknown 	Kwoniella bestiolae            	F_Ba	Tremellales -
kwondeje	unknown 	Kwoniella dejecticola          	F_Ba	Tremellales -
kwonheve	unknown 	Kwoniella heveanensis          	F_Ba	Tremellales -
kwonmang	unknown 	Kwoniella mangroviensis        	F_Ba	Tremellales -
kwonpini	unknown 	Kwoniella pini                 	F_Ba	Tremellales -
labrberg	unknown 	Labrus bergylta                	M_Fs	Labriformes Labridae
laccamet	Dothide1	Laccaria amethystina           	F_Ba	Agaricales Tricholomataceae
laccbico	Dothide1	Laccaria bicolor               	F_Ba	Agaricales Tricholomataceae
lachdasi	Saccharo	Lachancea dasiensis            	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
lachferm	Saccharo	Lachancea fermentati           	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
lachkluy	Saccharo	Lachancea Lachancea            	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
lachlanz	Saccharo	Lachancea lanzarotensis        	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
lachmeye	Saccharo	Lachancea meyersii             	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
lachmira	Saccharo	Lachancea mirantina            	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
lachnoth	Saccharo	Lachancea nothofagi            	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
lachspec	Saccharo	Lachancea spec                 	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
lachther	Saccharo	Lachancea thermotolerans       	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
lactquie	unknown 	Lactarius quietus              	F_Ba	Russulales Russulaceae
lactsati	unknown 	Lactuca sativa                 	P_Eu	Asterales Asteraceae
lactsubv	unknown 	Lactifluus subvellereus        	F_Ba	Russulales Russulaceae
lactvole	unknown 	Lactifluus volemus             	F_Ba	Russulales Russulaceae
ladofulv	InsectGn	Ladona fulva                   	M_In	Odonata Libellulidae
laetsulp	Sordari1	Laetiporus sulphureus          	F_Ba	Polyporales Coriolaceae
laricroc	Fish_mdl	Larimichthys crocea            	M_Fs	- Sciaenidae
lasialbi	unknown 	Lasioglossum albipes           	M_In	Hymenoptera Halictidae
lasihirs	unknown 	Lasiosphaeris hirsuta          	F_As	Sordariales Lasiosphaeriaceae
lasimini	unknown 	Lasiosphaeria miniovina        	F_As	Sordariales Lasiosphaeriaceae
latecalc	unknown 	Lates calcarifer               	M_Fs	- Centropomidae
latichal	ChordatU	Latimeria chalumnae            	M_Sa	Coelacanthiformes Coelacanthidae
latrhesp	unknown 	Latrodectus hesperus           	M_Ar	Araneae Theridiidae
lecyspec	unknown 	Lecythophora spec              	F_As	Coniochaetales Coniochaetaceae	 
leerperr	unknown 	Leersia perrieri               	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
leiolact	Sordari1	Leiotrametes lactinea          	F_Ba	Polyporales Coriolaceae
leiospec	Sordari1	Leiotrametes sp                	F_Ba	Polyporales Coriolaceae
leisaeth	Archamoe	Leishmania aethiopica          	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leisarab	Archamoe	Leishmania arabica             	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leisbraz	Archamoe	Leishmania braziliensis        	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leisdono	Archamoe	Leishmania donovani            	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leisenri	Archamoe	Leishmania enriettii           	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leisgerb	Archamoe	Leishmania gerbilli            	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leisinfa	Archamoe	Leishmania infantum            	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leismajo	Archamoe	Leishmania major               	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leismexi	Archamoe	Leishmania mexicana            	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leispana	Archamoe	Leishmania panamensis          	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leisspec	Archamoe	Leishmania sp.          	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leistare	Archamoe	Leishmania tarentolae          	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leistrop	Archamoe	Leishmania tropica             	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leistura	Archamoe	Leishmania turanica            	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
lentedod	unknown 	Lentinula edodes               	F_Ba	Agaricales Omphalotaceae
lentfluv	Dothide1	Lentithecium fluviatile        	F_As	Pleosporales Lentitheciaceae
lenttigr	Sordari1	Lentinus tigrinus              	F_Ba	Polyporales Lentinaceae
lentvulp	unknown 	Lentinellus vulpinus           	F_Ba	Russulales Auriscalpiaceae
lepesalm	ArthroLe	Lepeophtheirus salmonis        	M_Ar	Siphonostomatoida Caligidae
lepicoro	unknown 	Lepidothrix coronata           	M_Av	Passeriformes Pipridae
lepinuda	unknown 	Lepista nuda                   	F_Ba	Agaricales Tricholomataceae
lepiocul	Tetrapod	Lepisosteus oculatus           	M_Fs	Semionotiformes Lepisosteidae
lepipalu	Dothide1	Lepidopterella palustri        	F_As	- Argynnaceae
leptdece	InsectCo	Leptinotarsa decemlineata      	M_In	Coleoptera Chrysomelidae
leptdisc	Tetrapod	Leptosomus discolor            	M_Av	Coraciiformes Leptosomidae
leptmacu	Dothide1	Leptosphaeria maculans         	F_As	Pleosporales Leptosphaeriaceae
leptpyrr	Archamoe	Leptomonas pyrrhocoris         	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leptseym	Archamoe	Leptomonas seymouri            	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leptspec	unknown 	Leptodontium spec       	F_As    Helotiales incertae sedis
leptspma	Archamoe	Leptomonas spma                	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leptwedd	Tetrapod	Leptonychotes weddellii        	M_Mm	Carnivora Phocidae
leuccrea	unknown 	Leucosporidiella creatinivora  	F_Ba	Leucosporidiales Leucosporidiaceae
leucgong	Dothide1	Leucoagaricus gongylophorus    	F_Ba	Agaricales Agaricaceae
leucmoll	Dothide1	Leucogyrophana mollusca        	F_Ba	Boletales -
leucspec	Dothide1	Leucoagaricus spec             	F_Ba	Agaricales Agaricaceae
lichcory	Mucoral1	Lichtheimia corymbifera        	F_Mu	Mucorales Lichtheimiaceae
lichhyal	Mucoral1	Lichtheimia hyalospora         	F_Fu	Mucorales Lichtheimiaceae
lichramo	Mucoral1	Lichtheimia ramosa             	F_Mu	Mucorales Lichtheimiaceae
limnluna	InsectGn	Limnephilus lunatus            	M_In	Trichoptera Limnephilidae
limupoly	InsectBm	Limulus polyphemus             	M_Ar	Xiphosura Limulidae
lindingo	Dothide2	Lindgomyces ingoldianus        	F_As	Pleosporales Lindgomycetaceae
lindpenn	unknown 	Linderina pennispora           	F_Ki	Kickxellales Kickxellaceae
lindthal	unknown 	Lindra thalassiae       	F_As    Lulworthiales Lulworthiaceae	
linehumi	Echinode	Linepithema humile             	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
linerhiz	unknown 	Lineolata rhizophorae          	F_As	Dothideales -
linganat	Mollusca	Lingula anatina                	M_Br	Lingulida Lingulidae
linuusit	Angiosp 	Linum usitatissimum            	P_Eu	Malpighiales Linaceae
lipostar	Dothide1	Lipomyces starkeyi             	F_As	Saccharomycetales Lipomycetaceae
lipovexi	Tetrapod	Lipotes vexillifer             	M_Mm	Cetacea Lipotidae
litosigm	NematodO	Litomosoides sigmodontis       	M_Ne	Spirurida Onchocercidae
lizoempi	unknown 	Lizonia empirigonia            	F_As	- Pseudoperisporiaceae
loa_loa_	NematodO	Loa loa                        	M_Ne	Spirurida Onchocercidae
lobapulm	unknown 	Lobaria pulmonaria             	F_As	Peltigerales Lobariaceae
lobotran	unknown 	Lobosporangium transversale    	F_Mo	Mortierellales Mortierellaceae
locumigr	InsectGn	Locusta migratoria             	M_In	Orthoptera Acrididae
loddelon	Saccharo	Lodderomyces elongisporus      	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
lollminu	unknown 	Lollipopaia minuta             	F_As	Diaporthales Valsaceae
loncstri	unknown 	Lonchura striata               	M_Av	Passeriformes Estrildidae
lophmacr	Dothide1	Lophiostoma macrostomum        	F_As	Pleosporales Lophiostomataceae
lophmyti	Dothide1	Lophium mytilinum              	F_As	Mytilinidiales Mytilinidiaceae
lophnucu	unknown 	Lophiotrema nucula             	F_As	Pleosporales Lophiotremataceae
lorajunc	Dothide1	Loramyces juncicola            	F_As	Helotiales Loramycetaceae
loramacr	Dothide1	Loramyces macrosporus          	F_As	Helotiales Loramycetaceae
lothocea	ProtisGn	Lotharella oceanica     	O_Rh	- -
lothspec	ProtisGn	Lotharella spec                	O_Rh	- -
lottgiga	lottgiga	Lottia gigantea                	M_Mo	- Lottiidae
lotujapo	Angiosp 	Lotus japonicus                	P_Eu	Fabales Fabaceae
loxoafri	Tetrapod	Loxodonta africana             	M_Mm	Proboscidea Elephantidae
loxorecl	unknown 	Loxosceles reclusa             	M_Ar	Araneae Sicariidae
lucicupr	ArthroLe	Lucilia cuprina                	M_In	Asterales Asteraceae
lutzlong	lutzlong	Lutzomyia longipalpis          	M_In	Diptera Psychodidae
lycoperl	unknown 	Lycoperdon perlatum            	F_Ba	Agaricales Lycoperdaceae
macafasc	Tetrapod	Macaca fascicularis            	M_Mm	Primates Cercopithecidae
macamula	Tetrapod	Macaca mulatta                 	M_Mm	Primates Cercopithecidae
macaneme	Tetrapod	Macaca nemestrina              	M_Mm	Primates Cercopithecidae
macranom	Dothide1	Macroventuria anomochaeta      	F_As	Pleosporales Didymellaceae
macrcing	InsectAp	Macrocentrus cingulum   	M_In	Hymenoptera Braconidae
macreuge	Tetrapod	Macropus eugenii               	M_Mm	Diprotodontia Macropodidae
macrfuli	Dothide1	Macrolepiota fuliginosa        	F_Ba	Agaricales Agaricaceae
macrlign	unknown 	Macrostomum lignano            	M_Pl	Macrostomida Macrostomidae
macrphas	Dothide1	Macrophomina phaseolina        	F_As	Botryosphaeriales Botryosphaeriaceae
madumyce	unknown 	Madurella mycetomatis          	F_As	Sordariales -
magngris	magngris	Magnaporthe grisea             	F_As	Magnaporthales Magnaporthaceae
magnoryz	magngris	Magnaporthe oryzae             	F_As	Magnaporthales Magnaporthaceae
magnpoae	magngris	Magnaporthe poae               	F_As	Magnaporthales Magnaporthaceae
malaglob	malaglob	Malassezia globosa             	F_Ba	Malasseziales Malasseziaceae
malapach	malaglob	Malassezia pachydermatis       	F_Ba	Malasseziales Malasseziaceae
malasymp	malaglob	Malassezia sympodialis         	F_Ba	Malasseziales Malasseziaceae
maludome	Angiosp 	Malus domesticas               	P_Eu	Rosales Rosaceae
manavite	Tetrapod	Manacus vitellinus             	M_Av	Passeriformes Pipridae
mandleuc	Tetrapod	Mandrillus leucophaeus         	M_Mm	Primates Cercopithecidae
mandsext	mandsext	Manduca sexta                  	M_In	Lepidoptera Sphingidae
maniescu	Angiosp 	Manihot esculenta              	P_Eu	Malpighiales Euphorbiaceae
manijava	unknown 	Manis javanica                 	M_Mm	Pholidota Manidae
marafiar	Dothide1	Marasmius fiardii              	F_Ba	Agaricales Marasmiaceae
marcpoly	MossWorts	Marchantia polymorpha          	P_Ma	Marchantiales Marchantiaceae
marispec	unknown 	Mariannaea spec                	F_As	Hypocreales Nectriaceae
marmmarm	Tetrapod	Marmota marmota                	M_Mm	Rodentia Sciuridae
marsbrun	Dothide1	Marssonina brunnea             	F_As	Helotiales Dermateaceae
martpter	martpter	Martensiomyces pterosporus     	F_Fu	Kickxellales Kickxellaceae
massebur	Dothide1	Massarina eburnea              	F_As	Pleosporales Massarinaceae
massphae	unknown 	Massariosphaeria phaeospora    	F_As	Pleosporales -
mayedest	InsectDi	Mayetiola destructor           	M_In	Diptera Cecidomyiidae
maylzebr	Fish_mdl	Maylandia zebra                	M_Fs	Cichliformes Cichlidae
meditrun	Angiosp 	Medicago truncatula            	P_Eu	Fabales Fabaceae
megarotu	InsectAg	Megachile rotundata            	M_In	Hymenoptera Megachilidae
megascal	megascal	Megaselia scalaris             	M_In	Diptera Phoridae
meirmilt	meirmilt	Meira miltonrushii             	F_Eu	Coleoptera Curculionidae
melaalli	Puccinia	Melampsora allii-populina      	F_Ba	Pucciniales Melampsoraceae
melaendo	unknown 	Melanotaenium endogenum        	F_Ba	Urocystidales Melanotaeniaceae
melalari	Puccinia	Melampsora laricispopulina     	F_Ba	Pucciniales Melampsoraceae
melalini	Puccinia	Melampsora lini                	F_Ba	Pucciniales Melampsoraceae
melapulv	Dothide1	Melanomma pulvis-pyrius        	F_As	Lepidoptera Erebidae
melaspec	Dothide1	Melanconium spec               	F_As	Diaporthales Melanconidaceae
melaspnr	Dothide1	Melanconium spNRRL             	F_As	Diaporthales Melanconidaceae
melatiff	unknown 	Melanospora tiffanyae          	F_As	Melanosporales Melanosporaceae
melegall	Tetrapod	Meleagris gallopavo            	M_Av	Galliformes Phasianidae
melibico	Dothide1	Meliniomyces bicolor           	F_As	Helotiales Helotiaceae
melicinx	InsectAc	Melitaea cinxia                	M_In	Lepidoptera Nymphalidae
meliquad	unknown 	Melipona quadrifasciata        	M_In	Hymenoptera Apidae
melivari	Dothide1	Meliniomyces variabilis        	F_As	Helotiales Helotiaceae
meloflor	NematodM	Meloidogyne floridensis        	M_Ne	Tylenchida Meloidogynidae
melohapl	NematodM	Meloidogyne hapla              	M_Ne	Tylenchida Meloidogynidae
meloinco	NematodM	Meloidogyne incognita          	M_Ne	Tylenchida Meloidogynidae
meloundu	Tetrapod	Melopsittacus undulatus        	M_Av	Psittaciformes Psittaculidae
mengmold	InsectGn	Mengenilla moldrzyki           	M_In	Strepsiptera Mengenillidae
mereebur	unknown 	Meredithblackwellia eburnea    	F_Ba	Kriegeriales Kriegeriaceae
meriungu	unknown 	Meriones unguiculatus          	M_Mm	Rodentia Muridae
meronubi	Tetrapod	Merops nubicus                 	M_Av	Coraciiformes Meropidae
mesiunic	Tetrapod	Mesitornis unicolor            	M_Av	Gruiformes Mesitornithidae
mesoaura	Tetrapod	Mesocricetus auratus           	M_Mm	Rodentia Cricetidae
mesocort	NematodB	Mesocestoides corti            	M_Pl	Cyclophyllidea Mesocestoididae
metaacri	Dothide1	Metarhizium acridum            	F_As	Hypocreales Clavicipitaceae
metaalbu	Dothide1	Metarhizium album              	F_As	Hypocreales Clavicipitaceae
metaanis	Dothide1	Metarhizium anisopliae         	F_As	Hypocreales Clavicipitaceae
metabrun	Dothide1	Metarhizium brunneum           	F_As	Hypocreales Clavicipitaceae
metaguiz	Dothide1	Metarhizium guizhouense        	F_As	Hypocreales Clavicipitaceae
metamaju	Dothide1	Metarhizium majus              	F_As	Hypocreales Clavicipitaceae
metaocci	metaocci	Metaseiulus occidentalis       	M_Ar	Mesostigmata Phytoseiidae
metarile	Dothide1	Metarhizium rileyi             	F_As	Hypocreales Clavicipitaceae
metarobe	Dothide1	Metarhizium robertsii          	F_As	Hypocreales Clavicipitaceae
metsbicu	metsbicu	Metschnikowia bicuspidata      	F_As	Saccharomycetales Metschnikowiaceae
metsfruc	metsbicu	Metschnikowia fructicola       	F_As	Saccharomycetales Metschnikowiaceae
meyeguil	unknown 	Meyerozyma guilliermondii      	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
micrboll	unknown 	Microdochium bolleyi           	F_As	Xylariales Microdochiaceae
micrcani	Dothide1	Microsporum canis              	F_As	Onygenales Arthrodermataceae
micrdemo	InsectAp	Microplitis demolitor          	M_In	Hymenoptera Braconidae
micrgyps	Dothide1	Microsporum gypseum            	F_As	Onygenales Arthrodermataceae
micrlych	unknown 	Microbotryum lychnidis-dioicae 	F_Ba	Microbotryales Microbotryaceae
micrmicr	unknown 	Microthyrium microscopicum     	F_As	Microthyriales Microthyriaceae
micrmuri	Tetrapod	Microcebus murinus             	M_Mm	Primates Cheirogaleidae
microchr	Tetrapod	Microtus ochrogaster           	M_Mm	Rodentia Cricetidae
micromon	Micromon	Micromonas omon             	P_Ch	Tissierellales Peptoniphilaceae
microssp	Dothide1	Microsporum species            	F_As	Onygenales Arthrodermataceae
micrpusi	Micromon	Micromonas pusilla             	P_Ch	Tissierellales Peptoniphilaceae
micrrcc2	Micromon	Micromonas rcc299              	P_Ch	Tissierellales Peptoniphilaceae
micrspec	FungiAll	Microstromatales spec          	F_Ba	Basidiomycota Exobasidiomycetes
micrtric	unknown 	Microdochium trichocladiopsis  	F_As	Xylariales Microdochiaceae
micrtrig	Dothide1	Microascus trigonosporus       	F_As	Microascales Microascaceae
micrviol	unknown 	Microbotryum violaceum         	F_Ba	Microbotryales Microbotryaceae
millfari	unknown 	Millerozyma farinosa           	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
mimugutt	Angiosp 	Mimulus guttatus               	P_Eu	Decapoda Epialtidae
mininata	unknown 	Miniopterus natalensis         	M_Mm	Chiroptera Vespertilionidae
mitodaph	unknown 	Mitosporidium daphniae         	F_Mi	- -
mixiosmu	Sordari1	Mixia osmundae                 	F_Ba	Mixiales Mixiaceae
mizuyess	unknown 	Mizuhopecten yessoensis        	M_Mo	Pectinoida Pectinidae
mnemleid	mnemleid	Mnemiopsis leidyi              	M_Ct	Lobata Bolinopsidae
moesanta	unknown 	Moesziomyces antarcticus       	F_Ba	Ustilaginales Ustilaginaceae
moesaphi	unknown 	Moesziomyces aphidis           	F_Ba	Ustilaginales Ustilaginaceae
monahapt	Dothide1	Monacrosporium haptotylum      	F_As	Orbiliales Orbiliaceae
monapurp	Dothide1	Monascus purpureus             	F_As	Strigeidida Fellodistomidae
monarube	Dothide1	Monascus ruber                 	F_As	Strigeidida Fellodistomidae
monipern	Dothide1	Moniliophthora perniciosa      	F_Ba	Agaricales Marasmiaceae
monirore	Dothide1	Moniliophthora roreri          	F_Ba	Agaricales Marasmiaceae
monispec	unknown 	Moniliella spec                	F_Ba	Moniliellales Moniliellaceae
monoalbu	unknown 	Monopterus albus               	M_Ch	Synbranchiformes Synbranchidae
monobrev	monobrev	Monosiga brevicollis           	O_Op	Choanoflagellida Codonosigidae
monodome	Tetrapod	Monodelphis domestica          	M_Mm	Didelphimorphia Didelphidae
mononegl	Chlospec	Monoraphidium neglectum        	P_Ch	Sphaeropleales Selenastraceae
monophar	Echinode	Monomorium pharaonis           	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
morcconi	Dothide1	Morchella conica               	F_As	Pezizales Morchellaceae
morcimpo	Dothide1	Morchella importuna            	F_As	Pezizales Morchellaceae
mortelon	Mortiere	Mortierella elongata           	F_Fu	Mortierellales Mortierellaceae
morthumi	Mortiere	Mortierella humilis            	F_Mo	Mortierellales Mortierellaceae
mortmult	Mortiere	Mortierella multidivaricata    	F_Mo	Mortierellales Mortierellaceae
mortspec	Mortiere	Mortierella spec               	F_Mo	Mortierellales Mortierellaceae
mortvert	Mortiere	Mortierella verticillata       	F_Fu	Mortierellales Mortierellaceae
morunota	Angiosp 	Morus notabilis                	P_Eu	Pelecaniformes Sulidae
mrakfrig	unknown 	Mrakia frigida                 	F_Ba	Cystofilobasidiales Mrakiaceae
mucoambi	Mucoral1	Mucor ambiguus                 	F_Mu	Mucorales Mucoraceae
mucocirc	Mucoral1	Mucor circinelloides           	F_Fu	Mucorales Mucoraceae
mucocord	Mucoral1	Mucor cordense                 	F_Mu	Mucorales Mucoraceae
mucohete	Mucoral1	Mucor heterogamus              	F_Mu	Mucorales Mucoraceae
multochr	unknown 	Multifurca ochricompacta       	F_Ba	Russulales Russulaceae
mus_caro	unknown 	Mus caroli                     	M_Mm	Rodentia Muridae
mus_musc	Tetrapod	Mus musculus                   	M_Mm	Rodentia Muridae
mus_paha	unknown 	Mus pahari                     	M_Mm	Rodentia Muridae
musaacum	Angiosp 	Musa acuminata                 	P_Mo	Zingiberales Musaceae
muscdome	InsectMd	Musca domestica                	M_In	Diptera Muscidae
mustputo	Tetrapod	Mustela putorius               	M_Mm	Carnivora Mustelidae
mutieleg	unknown 	Mutinus elegans                	F_Ba	Phallales Phallaceae
mycecapi	unknown 	Mycena capillaripes            	F_Ba	Agaricales Tricholomataceae
myceepip	unknown 	Mycena epipterygia             	F_Ba	Agaricales Tricholomataceae
mycegalo	unknown 	Mycena galopus                 	F_Ba	Agaricales Tricholomataceae
mycehaem	unknown 	Mycena haematopus              	F_Ba	Agaricales Tricholomataceae
mycehete	Dothide1	Myceliophthora heterothallica  	F_As	Sordariales Chaetomiaceae
mycerose	unknown 	Mycena rosella                 	F_Ba	Agaricales Tricholomataceae
mycespec	unknown 	Mycena spec                    	F_Ba	Agaricales Tricholomataceae
mycether	Dothide1	Myceliophthora thermophila     	F_As	Sordariales Chaetomiaceae
mycoafri	unknown 	Mycotypha africana             	F_Mu	Mucorales Mycotyphaceae
mycoeumu	Dothide2	Mycosphaerella eumusae         	F_As	Capnodiales Mycosphaerellaceae
mycofiji	Dothide2	Mycosphaerella fijiensis       	F_As	Capnodiales Mycosphaerellaceae
mycogram	Dothide2	Mycosphaerella graminicola     	F_As	Capnodiales Mycosphaerellaceae
myotbran	Tetrapod	Myotis brandtii                	M_Mm	Chiroptera Vespertilionidae
myotdavi	Tetrapod	Myotis davidii                 	M_Mm	Chiroptera Vespertilionidae
myotluci	Tetrapod	Myotis lucifugus               	M_Mm	Chiroptera Vespertilionidae
myriduri	Dothide1	Myriangium duriaei             	F_As	Myriangiales Myriangiaceae
myroinun	Dothide1	Myrothecium inundatum          	F_As	Hypocreales Stachybotriaceae
mytiresi	Dothide1	Mytilinidion resinicola        	F_As	Mytilinidiales Mytilinidiaceae
myzupers	unknown 	Myzus persicae                 	M_Ar	Hemiptera Aphididae
nadsfulv	nadsfulv	Nadsonia fulvescens            	F_As	Saccharomycetales -
naegfowl	naegfowl	Naegleria fowleri              	O_He	Schizopyrenida Vahlkampfiidae
naeggrub	naeggrub	Naegleria gruberi              	O_He	Schizopyrenida Vahlkampfiidae
naiaflui	unknown 	Naiadella fluitans             	F_Ba	Classiculales Classiculaceae_	 
nakabaci	unknown 	Nakaseomyces bacillisporus     	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
nakadelp	unknown 	Nakaseomyces delphensis        	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
nanngadi	Aconoid2	Nannochloropsis gaditana       	O_St	Eustigmatales Monodopsidaceae
nanngali	Tetrapod	Nannospalax galili             	M_Mm	Rodentia Spalacidae
nanngyps	unknown 	Nannizzia gypsea               	F_As	Onygenales Arthrodermataceae_	
nanopark	unknown 	Nanorana parkeri               	M_Ch	Anura Dicroglossidae
naohseba	unknown 	Naohidea sebacea               	F_Ba	Naohideales Naohideaceae
nasogira	InsectAg	Nasonia giraulti               	M_In	Hymenoptera Pteromalidae
nasolong	InsectAg	Nasonia longicornis            	M_In	Hymenoptera Pteromalidae
nasovitr	InsectAg	Nasonia vitripennis            	M_In	Hymenoptera Pteromalidae
naumcast	unknown 	Naumovozyma castellii          	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
naumdair	unknown 	Naumovozyma dairenensis        	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
necaamer	NematodN	Necator americanus             	M_Ne	Rhabditida Ancylostomatidae
necthaem	Dothide1	Nectria haematococca           	F_As	Valvatida Oreasteridae
nelunuci	Angiosp 	Nelumbo nucifera               	P_Eu	Proteales Nelumbonaceae
nemaausu	FungiAll	Nematocida ausubeli            	F_Mi	- -
nemadisp	FungiAll	Nematocida displodere          	F_Mi	- -
nemapari	FungiAll	Nematocida parisii             	F_Mi	- -
nemaspec	FungiAll	Nematocida spec                	F_Mi	- -
nemavect	ChordatC	Nematostella vectensis         	M_Cn	Actiniaria Edwardsiidae
neoccali	unknown 	Neocallimastix californiae     	F_Ne	Neocallimastigales Neocallimastigaceae
neodleco	Echinode	Neodiprion lecontei            	M_In	Hymenoptera Diprionidae
neofparv	Sordari1	Neofusicoccum parvum           	F_As	Botryosphaeriales Botryosphaeriaceae
neolbric	Fish_mdl	Neolamprologus brichardi       	M_Fs	Cichliformes Cichlidae
neolirre	unknown 	Neolecta irregularis           	F_As	Neolectales Neolectaceae
neollepi	Dothide1	Neolentinus lepideus           	F_Ba	Gloeophyllales Gloeophyllaceae
neomscha	Tetrapod	Neomonachus schauinslandi      	M_Mm	Carnivora Phocidae 
neonditi	unknown 	Neonectria ditissima           	F_As	Hypocreales Nectriaceae
neoscani	Conoida1	Neospora caninum               	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Sarcocystidae
neosfisc	Dothide1	Neosartorya fischeri           	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
nestnota	Tetrapod	Nestor notabilis               	M_Av	Psittaciformes Psittacidae
neurcras	Dothide1	Neurospora crassa              	F_As	Sordariales Sordariaceae
neurdisc	Dothide1	Neurospora discreta            	F_As	Sordariales Sordariaceae
neurhisp	Dothide1	Neurospora hispaniola          	F_As	Sordariales Sordariaceae
neurtetr	Dothide1	Neurospora tetrasperma         	F_As	Sordariales Sordariaceae
nicobent	Angiosp 	Nicotiana benthamiana          	P_Eu	Solanales Solanaceae
nicosylv	Angiosp 	Nicotiana sylvestris           	P_Eu	Solanales Solanaceae
nicotome	Angiosp 	Nicotiana tomentosiformis      	P_Eu	Solanales Solanaceae
nicrvesp	unknown 	Nicrophorus vespilloides       	M_In	Coleoptera Silphidae
niesexil	Dothide1	Niesslia exilis                	F_As	Hypocreales Niessliaceae
nilaluge	nilaluge	Nilaparvata lugens             	M_In	Hemiptera Delphacidae
nippbras	NematodN	Nippostrongylus brasiliensis   	M_Ne	Rhabditida Heligmonellidae
nippnipp	Tetrapod	Nipponia nippon                	M_Av	Pelecaniformes Threskiornithidae
nomaleuc	Tetrapod	Nomascus leucogenys            	M_Mm	Primates Hylobatidae
noseapis	FungiAll	Nosema apis                    	F_Mi	- Nosematidae
nosebomb	FungiAll	Nosema bombycis                	F_Mi	- Nosematidae
nosecera	FungiAll	Nosema ceranae                 	F_Mi	- Nosematidae
nothfurz	Fish_mdl	Nothobranchius furzeri         	M_Fs	Cyprinodontiformes Nothobranchiidae
notocori	Fish_mdl	Notothenia coriiceps           	M_Fs	Perciformes Nototheniidae
numimele	unknown 	Numida meleagris               	M_Av	Galliformes Numididae
obbarivu	Sordari1	Obba rivulosa                  	F_Ba	Polyporales Meruliaceae
ochoprin	Tetrapod	Ochotona princeps              	M_Mm	Lagomorpha Ochotonidae
octobima	InsectBm	Octopus bimaculoides           	M_Mo	Octopoda Octopodidae
octodegu	Tetrapod	Octodon degus                  	M_Mm	Rodentia Octodontidae
odobrosm	Tetrapod	Odobenus rosmarus              	M_Mm	Carnivora Odobenidae
odocvirg	unknown 	Odocoileus virginianus         	M_Mm	- Cervidae
oesodent	NematodN	Oesophagostomum dentatum       	M_Ne	Rhabditida Cloacinidae
ogatpara	unknown 	Ogataea parapolymorpha         	F_As	Saccharomycetales Pichiaceae
ogatpoly	unknown 	Ogataea polymorpha             	F_As	Saccharomycetales Pichiaceae
oidimaiu	Dothide1	Oidiodendron maius             	F_As	- Myxotrichaceae
oleaeuro	unknown 	Olea europaea                  	P_Eu	Lamiales Oleaceae
ompholea	Dothide1	Omphalotus olearius            	F_Ba	Agaricales Omphalotaceae
onchflex	NematodO	Onchocerca flexuosa            	M_Ne	Spirurida Onchocercidae
onchoche	NematodO	Onchocerca ochengi             	M_Ne	Spirurida Onchocercidae
onchvolv	NematodO	Onchocerca volvulus            	M_Ne	Spirurida Onchocercidae
oncofasc	oncofasc	Oncopeltus fasciatus           	M_In	Hemiptera Lygaeidae
oncokisu	unknown 	Oncorhynchus kisutch           	M_Fs	Salmoniformes Salmonidae
oncomyki	unknown 	Oncorhynchus mykiss            	M_Fs	Salmoniformes Salmonidae
onniscau	unknown 	Onnia scaura                   	F_Ba	Hymenochaetales Hymenochaetaceae
onthtaur	InsectCo	Onthophagus taurus             	M_In	Coleoptera Scarabaeidae
oocebiro	unknown 	Ooceraea biroi                 	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae	 
ophidiss	Dothide1	Ophiostoma piceae              	F_As	Ophiostomatales Ophiostomataceae
ophinovo	Dothide1	Ophiostoma novo-ulmi           	F_As	Ophiostomatales Ophiostomataceae
ophipice	Dothide1	Ophiostoma piceae              	F_As	Ophiostomatales Ophiostomataceae
ophipili	Dothide1	Ophiostoma piliferum           	F_As	Ophiostomatales Ophiostomataceae
ophisine	unknown 	Ophiocordyceps sinensis        	F_As	Hypocreales Ophiocordycipitaceae
ophiunil	unknown 	Ophiocordyceps unilateralis    	F_As	Hypocreales Ophiocordycipitaceae
opishoaz	Tetrapod	Opisthocomus hoazin            	M_Av	Opisthocomiformes Opisthocomidae
opisvive	NematodF	Opisthorchis viverrini         	M_Pl	Opisthorchiida Opisthorchiidae
orbifave	unknown 	Orbicella faveolata            	M_Cn	Scleractinia Merulinidae
orciorca	Tetrapod	Orcinus orca                   	M_Mm	Cetacea Delphinidae
ordocoll	unknown 	Ordospora colligata            	F_Mi	- Ordosporidae
oreonilo	Fish_mdl	Oreochromis niloticus          	M_Fs	Cichliformes Cichlidae
ornianat	Tetrapod	Ornithorhynchus anatinus       	M_Mm	Monotremata Ornithorhynchidae
oropthom	Angiosp 	Oropetium thomaeum             	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
orpispec	Ichthyos	Orpinomyces spec               	F_Ne	Neocallimastigales Neocallimastigaceae
orusabie	InsectAg	Orussus abietinus              	M_In	Hymenoptera Orussidae
orycafer	Tetrapod	Orycteropus afer               	M_Mm	Tubulidentata Orycteropodidae
oryccuni	Tetrapod	Oryctolagus cuniculus          	M_Mm	Lagomorpha Leporidae
oryzbart	unknown 	Oryza barthii                  	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
oryzbrac	Angiosp 	Oryza brachyantha              	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
oryzglab	unknown 	Oryza glaberrima               	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
oryzglum	unknown 	Oryza glumaepatula             	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
oryzindi	unknown 	Oryza indica                   	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
oryzlati	Fish_mdl	Oryzias latipes                	M_Fs	Beloniformes Adrianichthyidae
oryzlong	unknown 	Oryza longistaminata           	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
oryzmeri	unknown 	Oryza meridionalis             	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
oryzniva	unknown 	Oryza nivara                   	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
oryzpunc	unknown 	Oryza punctata                 	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
oryzrufi	unknown 	Oryza rufipogon                	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
oryzsati	Angiosp 	Oryza sativa                   	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
oryzsatj	Angiosp 	Oryza sativa                   	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
ostrluci	Ostrspec	Ostreococcus lucimarinus       	P_Ch	Mamiellales Bathycoccaceae
ostrrcc8	Ostrspec	Ostreococcus rcc809            	P_Ch	Mamiellales Bathycoccaceae
ostrtaur	Ostrspec	Ostreococcus tauri             	P_Ch	Mamiellales Bathycoccaceae
otolgarn	Tetrapod	Otolemur garnettii             	M_Mm	Primates Galagidae
oudemuci	unknown 	Oudemansiella mucida           	F_Ba	Agaricales Physalacriaceae
ovisarie	Tetrapod	Ovis aries                     	M_Mm	- Bovidae
oxyttrif	Sporadot	Oxytricha trifallax            	O_Al	Sporadotrichida Oxytrichidae
pachtann	pachtann	Pachysolen tannophilus         	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
pachvenu	pachvenu	Pachypsylla venusta            	M_In	Hemiptera Psyllidae
pan_pani	Tetrapod	Pan paniscus                   	M_Mm	Primates Hominidae
pan_trog	Tetrapod	Pan troglodytes                	M_Mm	Primates Hominidae
panapapi	unknown 	Panaeolus papilionaceus        	F_Ba	Agaricales Bolbitiaceae
panaredi	NematodN	Panagrellus redivivus          	M_Ne	Rhabditida Panagrolaimidae
panestip	Sordari1	Panellus stipticus             	F_Ba	Agaricales Tricholomataceae
panihall	Angiosp 	Panicum hallii                 	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
panivirg	Angiosp 	Panicum virgatum               	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
panthodg	Tetrapod	Pantholops hodgsonii           	M_Mm	- Bovidae
pantpard	unknown 	Panthera pardus                	M_Mm	Carnivora Felidae
panttigr	Tetrapod	Panthera tigris                	M_Mm	Carnivora Felidae
panurudi	Dothide1	Panus rudis                    	F_Ba	Polyporales Lentinaceae
papianub	Tetrapod	Papio anubis                   	M_Mm	Primates Cercopithecidae
papiglau	Echinode	Papilio glaucus                	M_In	Lepidoptera Papilionidae
papimach	Echinode	Papilio machaon                	M_In	Lepidoptera Papilionidae
papipoly	Echinode	Papilio polytes                	M_In	Lepidoptera Papilionidae
papixuth	Echinode	Papilio xuthus                 	M_In	Lepidoptera Papilionidae
parabra1	Dothide1	Paracoccidioides bra1          	F_As	Onygenales -
parabras	Dothide1	Paracoccidioides brasiliensis  	F_As	Onygenales -
paraequo	NematodA	Parascaris equorum             	M_Ne	Ascaridida Ascarididae
paralutz	Dothide1	Paracoccidioides lutzii        	F_As	Onygenales -
paranodo	unknown 	Parastagonospora nodorum       	F_As	Pleosporales Phaeosphaeriaceae
paraoliv	unknown 	Paralichthys olivaceus         	M_Fs	Pleuronectiformes Paralichthyidae
parapara	unknown 	Parasitella parasitica         	F_Mu	Mucorales Mucoraceae
parasede	unknown 	Paraphysoderma sedebokerense   	F_Bl	Blastocladiales Physodermataceae
paraspec	Dothide1	Paracoccidioides spec          	F_As	Onygenales -
paraspor	Dothide1	Paraconiothyrium sporulosum    	F_As	Pleosporales Didymosphaeriaceae
paratepi	ArthroPe	Parasteatoda tepidariorum      	M_Ar	Araneae Theridiidae
paratetr	paratetr	Paramecium tetraurelia         	O_Al	Peniculida Parameciidae
paratric	NematodS	Parastrongyloides trichosuri   	M_Ne	Rhabditida Strongyloididae
parumajo	Tetrapod	Parus major                    	M_Av	Passeriformes Paridae
pateatra	Dothide1	Patellaria atrata              	F_As	Patellariales Patellariaceae
paulchro	ProtisGn	Paulinella chromatophora       	O_Rh	Euglyphida Paulinellidae
paxiadel	Dothide1	Paxillus adelphus              	F_Ba	Boletales Paxillaceae
paxiammo	Dothide1	Paxillus ammoniavirescens      	F_Ba	Boletales Paxillaceae
paxiinvo	Dothide1	Paxillus involutus             	F_Ba	Boletales Paxillaceae
paxirubi	Dothide1	Paxillus rubicundulus          	F_Ba	Boletales Paxillaceae
pedihuma	InsectAp	Pediculus humanus              	M_In	Phthiraptera Pediculidae
pelecris	Tetrapod	Pelecanus crispus              	M_Av	Pelecaniformes Pelecanidae
pelosine	Tetrapod	Pelodiscus sinensis            	M_Rp	Testudines Trionychidae
penianta	Dothide1	Penicillium antarcticum        	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
peniariz	Dothide1	Penicillium arizonense         	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penibila	Dothide1	Penicillium bilaiae            	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penibras	Dothide1	Penicillium brasilianum        	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penibrev	Dothide1	Penicillium brevicompactum     	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penicame	Dothide1	Penicillium camemberti         	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penicane	Dothide1	Penicillium canescens          	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penichry	Dothide1	Penicillium chrysogenum        	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penicopr	Dothide1	Penicillium coprophilum        	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penidecu	Dothide1	Penicillium decumbens          	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penidigi	Dothide1	Penicillium digitatum          	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
peniexpa	Dothide1	Penicillium expansum           	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penifell	Dothide1	Penicillium fellutanum         	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
peniflav	Dothide1	Penicillium flavigenum         	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penifrei	Dothide1	Penicillium freii              	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
peniglab	Dothide1	Penicillium glabrum            	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penigris	Dothide1	Penicillium griseofulvum       	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
peniital	Dothide1	Penicillium italicum           	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penijant	Dothide1	Penicillium janthinellum       	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penilano	Dothide1	Penicillium lanosocoeruleum    	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
peninalg	Dothide1	Penicillium nalgiovense        	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
peninord	Dothide1	Penicillium nordicum           	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penioxal	Dothide1	Penicillium oxalicum           	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penipolo	Dothide1	Penicillium polonicum          	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penirais	Dothide1	Penicillium raistrickii        	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
peniroqu	Dothide1	Penicillium roqueforti         	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penirube	Dothide1	Penicillium rubens             	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penisoli	Dothide1	Penicillium solitum            	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penispec	unknown 	Peniophora spec                	F_Ba	Russulales Peniophoraceae
penistec	Dothide1	Penicillium steckii            	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penisubr	Dothide1	Penicillium subrubescens       	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penithym	Dothide1	Penicillium thymicola          	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penivulp	Dothide1	Penicillium vulpinum           	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penizona	unknown 	Penicilliopsis zonata          	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
perimacr	Dothide1	Periconia macrospinosa         	F_As	Microascales Halosphaeriaceae
perkmari	perkmari	Perkinsus marinus              	O_Al	Perkinsida Perkinsidae
perkspec	unknown 	Perkinsela spec         	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida -
peromani	Tetrapod	Peromyscus maniculatus         	M_Mm	Rodentia Cricetidae
pestfici	unknown 	Pestalotiopsis fici            	F_As	Xylariales Sporocadaceae
petrmari	ChordatU	Petromyzon marinus             	M_Ch	Petromyzontiformes Petromyzontidae
phaealeo	Dothide1	Phaeoacremonium aleophilum     	F_As	Togniniales Togniniaceae
phaechla	unknown 	Phaeomoniella chlamydospora    	F_As	Phaeomoniellales -
phaefl08	Dothide1	Phaeoacremonium FL08           	F_As	Togniniales Togniniaceae
phaelept	Tetrapod	Phaethon lepturus              	M_Av	Pelecaniformes Phaethontidae
phaemini	Dothide1	Phaeoacremonium minimum        	F_As	Togniniales Togniniaceae
phaenodo	FungiAll	Phaeosphaeria nodorum          	F_As	Pleosporales Phaeosphaeriaceae
phaepmi8	unknown 	Phaeosphaeriaceae PMI8         	F_As	Dothideomycetes Pleosporales
phaetric	Oomycete	Phaeodactylum tricornutum      	O_St	Naviculales Phaeodactylaceae
phalcarb	Tetrapod	Phalacrocorax carbo            	M_Av	Pelecaniformes Phalacrocoracidae
phancarn	Sordari1	Phanerochaete carnosa          	F_Ba	Polyporales Phanerochaetaceae
phanchry	Sordari1	Phanerochaete chrysosporium    	F_Ba	Polyporales Phanerochaetaceae
phasarti	unknown 	Phascolomyces articulosus      	F_Mu	Mucorales Lichtheimiaceae
phascine	unknown 	Phascolarctos cinereus         	M_Mm	Diprotodontia Phascolarctidae
phasvulg	Angiosp 	Phaseolus vulgaris             	P_Eu	Fabales Fabaceae
phelferr	unknown 	Phellinus ferrugineofuscus     	F_Ba	Hymenochaetales Hymenochaetaceae
phiaamer	unknown 	Phialophora americana          	F_As	- -
phiaatta	unknown 	Phialophora attae              	F_As	- -
phiascop	unknown 	Phialocephala scopiformis      	F_As	Ophiostomatales Ophiostomataceae
phiasuba	unknown 	Phialocephala subalpina        	F_As	Ophiostomatales Ophiostomataceae
phlebrev	Dothide1	Phlebia brevispora             	F_Ba	Corticiales Corticiaceae
phlecent	Dothide1	Phlebia centrifuga             	F_Ba	Corticiales Corticiaceae
phlegiga	Sordari1	Phlebiopsis gigantea           	F_Ba	Polyporales Phanerochaetaceae
phlepapa	phlepapa	Phlebotomus papatasi           	M_In	Diptera Psychodidae
phoedact	Angiosp 	Phoenix dactylifera            	P_Mo	Arecales Arecaceae
pholalni	unknown 	Pholiota alnicola              	F_Ba	Agaricales Strophariaceae
pholconi	unknown 	Pholiota conissans             	F_Ba	Agaricales Strophariaceae
phomtrac	Dothide1	Phoma tracheiphila             	F_As	Pleosporales Didymellaceae
phycblak	Mucoral2	Phycomyces blakesleeanus       	F_Fu	Mucorales Phycomycetaceae
phycnite	Mucoral2	Phycomyces nitens              	F_Mu	Mucorales Phycomycetaceae
phylcapi	Dothide1	Phyllosticta capitalensis      	F_As	Botryosphaeriales Phyllostictaceae
phylcitb	Dothide1	Phyllosticta citbibraziliensis 	F_As	Botryosphaeriales Phyllostictaceae
phylcitc	Dothide1	Phyllosticta citcichinaensis   	F_As	Botryosphaeriales Phyllostictaceae
phylcitr	Dothide1	Phyllosticta citriasiana       	F_As	Botryosphaeriales Phyllostictaceae
phylhete	Angiosp 	Phyllostachys heterocycla      	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
phylspec	Dothide1	Phyllosticta spec              	F_As	Botryosphaeriales Phyllostictaceae
physcato	Tetrapod	Physeter catodon               	M_Mm	Cetacea Physeteridae
physpate	MossWorts	Physcomitrella patens          	P_Fu	Funariales Funariaceae
physpoly	Dothide1	Physarum polycephalum          	F_My	Physariida Physaraceae
phytcaps	Oomycete	Phytophthora capsici           	O_St	Peronosporales -
phytcinn	Oomycete	Phytophthora cinnamomi         	O_St	Peronosporales -
phytinfe	Oomycete	Phytophthora infestans         	O_St	Peronosporales -
phytkern	Oomycete	Phytophthora kernoviae         	O_St	Peronosporales -
phytlate	Oomycete	Phytophthora lateralis         	O_St	Peronosporales -
phytnico	Oomycete	Phytophthora nicotianae 	O_St	Peronosporales ^
phytpara	Oomycete	Phytophthora parasitica        	O_St	Peronosporales -
phytramo	Oomycete	Phytophthora ramorum           	O_St	Peronosporales -
phytsoja	Oomycete	Phytophthora sojae             	O_St	Peronosporales -
phytspec	Archamoe	Phytomonas spec                	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
pichkudr	pichmemb	Pichia kudriavzevii            	F_As	Saccharomycetales Pichiaceae
pichmemb	pichmemb	Pichia membranifaciens         	F_As	Saccharomycetales Pichiaceae
pichpast	pichmemb	Pichia pastoris                	F_As	Saccharomycetales Pichiaceae
pichstip	pichmemb	Pichia stipitis                	F_As	Saccharomycetales Pichiaceae
picopube	Tetrapod	Picoides pubescens             	M_Av	Piciformes Picidae
piedhort	Leotiomy	Piedraia hortae                	F_As	Capnodiales Piedraiaceae
pierrapa	unknown 	Pieris rapae                   	M_In	Lepidoptera Pieridae
piezguil	InsectHe	Piezodorus guildinii           	M_In	Hemiptera Pentatomidae
pilaanom	unknown 	Pilaira anomala                	F_Mu	Mucorales Mucoraceae
pilocroc	Dothide1	Piloderma croceum              	F_Ba	Atheliales Atheliaceae
piloumbo	unknown 	Pilobolus umbonatus            	F_Mu	Mucorales Pilobolaceae
piriindi	Leotiomy	Piriformospora indica          	F_Ba	Sebacinales -
pirofinn	Ichthyos	Piromyces finnis               	F_Ne	Neocallimastigales Neocallimastigaceae
pirospec	Ichthyos	Piromyces species              	F_Ne	Neocallimastigales Neocallimastigaceae
pisomicr	Dothide1	Pisolithus microcarpus         	F_Ba	Boletales Pisolithaceae
pisotinc	Dothide1	Pisolithus tinctorius          	F_Ba	Boletales Pisolithaceae
plasberg	Aconoid1	Plasmodium berghei             	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plasbras	Chroomon	Plasmodiophora brassicae       	O_Rh	- Plasmodiophoridae
plaschab	Aconoid1	Plasmodium chabaudi            	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plascoat	Aconoid2	Plasmodium coatneyi     	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plascyno	Aconoid2	Plasmodium cynomolgi           	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plasfalc	Aconoid1	Plasmodium falciparum          	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plasfrag	Aconoid2	Plasmodium fragile             	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plasgabo	Aconoid2	Plasmodium gaboni       	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plasgall	Aconoid2	Plasmodium gallinaceum         	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plashals	unknown 	Plasmopara halstedii		O_He	Peronosporales Peronosporaceae
plasinui	Aconoid2	Plasmodium inui                	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plasknow	Aconoid2	Plasmodium knowlesi            	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plasmala	Aconoid2	Plasmodium malariae     	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plasoval	Aconoid2	Plasmodium ovale        	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plasreic	Aconoid1	Plasmodium reichenowi          	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plasreli	Aconoid2	Plasmodium relictum	        O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plasvinc	Aconoid1	Plasmodium vinckei             	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plasviva	Aconoid2	Plasmodium vivax               	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plasyoel	Aconoid1	Plasmodium yoelii              	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
pleccucu	unknown 	Plectosphaerella cucumerina    	F_As	Glomerellales Plectosphaerellaceae
plecmela	unknown 	Plectania melastoma            	F_As	Pezizales Sarcosomataceae
pleosipa	Dothide1	Pleomassaria siparia           	F_As	Pleosporales Pleomassariaceae
pleueryn	Dothide1	Pleurotus eryngii              	F_Ba	Agaricales Pleurotaceae
pleuostr	Dothide1	Pleurotus ostreatus            	F_Ba	Agaricales Pleurotaceae
pliccris	Dothide1	Plicaturopsis crispa           	F_Ba	Agaricales -
plutcerv	unknown 	Pluteus cervinus               	F_Ba	Agaricales Pluteaceae
plutxylo	ChordatC	Plutella xylostella            	M_In	Lepidoptera Plutellidae
pneucari	pneujiro	Pneumocystis carinii           	F_As	Pneumocystidales Pneumocystidaceae
pneujiro	pneujiro	Pneumocystis jirovecii         	F_As	Pneumocystidales Pneumocystidaceae
pneumuri	pneujiro	Pneumocystis murina            	F_As	Pneumocystidales Pneumocystidaceae
pochchla	unknown 	Pochonia chlamydosporia        	F_As	Hypocreales Clavicipitaceae
podoanse	Dothide1	Podospora anserina             	F_As	Sordariales Lasiosphaeriaceae
podocurv	Dothide1	Podospora curvicolla           	F_As	Sordariales Lasiosphaeriaceae
poecform	Fish_mdl	Poecilia formosa               	M_Fs	Cyprinodontiformes Poeciliidae
poeclati	Fish_mdl	Poecilia latipinna             	M_Fs	Cyprinodontiformes Poeciliidae
poecmexi	Fish_mdl	Poecilia mexicana              	M_Fs	Cyprinodontiformes Poeciliidae
poecreti	Fish_mdl	Poecilia reticulata            	M_Fs	Cyprinodontiformes Poeciliidae
pogobarb	Echinode	Pogonomyrmex barbatus          	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
pogovitt	unknown 	Pogona vitticeps               	M_Rp	Squamata Agamidae
policana	InsectAp	Polistes canadensis            	M_In	Hymenoptera Vespidae
polidomi	InsectAp	Polistes dominula              	M_In	Hymenoptera Vespidae
polyarcu	Sordari1	Polyporus arcularius           	F_Ba	Polyporales Polyporaceae
polybrum	Sordari1	Polyporus brumalis             	F_Ba	Polyporales Polyporaceae
polycitr	Dothide1	Polychaeton citri              	F_As	Capnodiales Capnodiaceae
polyfusc	Dothide1	Polyplosphaeria fusca          	F_As	Pleosporales Tetraplosphaeriaceae
polypall	Dictyost	Polysphondylium pallidum       	O_Am	Dictyosteliida -
polysqua	Sordari1	Polyporus squamosus            	F_Ba	Polyporales Polyporaceae
pongabel	Tetrapod	Pongo abelii                   	M_Mm	Primates Hominidae
pongpugm	Tetrapod	Pongo pygmii                   	M_Mm	Primates Hominidae
popudelt	unknown 	Populus deltoides              	P_Eu	Malpighiales Salicaceae
popueuph	Angiosp 	Populus euphratica             	P_Eu	Malpighiales Salicaceae
poputric	Angiosp 	Populus trichocarp             	P_Eu	Malpighiales Salicaceae
porochry	unknown 	Porodaedalea chrysoloma        	F_Ba	Hymenochaetales Hymenochaetaceae
poroniem	unknown 	Porodaedalea niemelaei         	F_Ba	Hymenochaetales Hymenochaetaceae
porpumbi	unknown 	Porphyra umbilicalis           	P_Rh	Bangiales Bangiaceae
postplac	Sordari1	Postia placenta                	F_Ba	Polyporales Coriolaceae
priacaud	priacaud	Priapulus caudatus             	M_Pr	- Priapulidae
priaserr	InsectCo	Priacma serrata                	M_In	Coleoptera Cupedidae
prisexsp	NematodE	Pristionchus exspectatus       	M_Ne	Diplogasterida Neodiplogasteridae
prispaci	NematodE	Pristionchus pacificus         	M_Ne	Diplogasterida Neodiplogasteridae
proccape	Tetrapod	Procavia capensis              	M_Mm	Hyracoidea Procaviidae
propcoqu	Tetrapod	Propithecus coquereli          	M_Mm	Primates Indriidae
protinou	protinou	Protomyces inouyei             	F_As	Taphrinales Protomycetaceae
protlact	protinou	Protomyces lactucaedebilis     	F_As	Taphrinales Protomycetaceae
protmucr	Tetrapod	Protobothrops mucrosquamatus   	M_Rp	Squamata Viperidae
protxeno	NematodB	Protopolystoma xenopodis       	M_Pl	Polyopisthocotylea Polystomatidae
prunmume	Angiosp 	Prunus mume                    	P_Eu	Rosales Rosaceae
prunpers	Angiosp 	Prunus persica                 	P_Eu	Rosales Rosaceae
pseuanta	pseuanta	Pseudozyma antarctica          	F_Ba	Ustilaginales Ustilaginaceae
pseudest	unknown 	Pseudogymnoascus destructans   	F_As	- Pseudeurotiaceae
pseuelat	Dothide1	Pseudographis elatina          	F_As	Triblidiales Triblidiaceae
pseufiji	unknown 	Pseudocercospora fijiensis     	F_As	Capnodiales Mycosphaerellaceae
pseugluc	unknown 	Pseudomicrostroma glucosiphilum	F_Ba	Exobasidiomycetidae Microstromatales
pseugrac	unknown 	Pseudomyrmex gracilis          	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
pseuhube	pseuanta	Pseudozyma hubeiensis          	F_Ba	Ustilaginales Ustilaginaceae
pseuhumi	Tetrapod	Pseudopodoces humilis          	M_Av	Passeriformes Paridae
pseuhype	Dothide1	Pseudovirgaria hyperparasitica 	F_As	Capnodiales -
pseumult	pseumult	Pseudo-nitzschia multiseries   	O_St	Bacillariales Bacillariaceae
pseumusa	unknown 	Pseudocercospora musae         	F_As	Capnodiales Mycosphaerellaceae
pseuneur	unknown 	Pseudoloma neurophilia         	F_Mi	- -
pseupers	unknown 	Pseudocohnilembus persalinus	O_Al	Pseudocohnilembidae Pseudocohnilembus
pseuspec	unknown 	Pseudogymnoascus spec          	F_As	- Pseudeurotiaceae
pseuverr	unknown 	Pseudogymnoascus verrucosus    	F_As	- Pseudeurotiaceae
pseuvexa	unknown 	Pseudomassariella vexata       	F_As	Xylariales Pseudomassariaceae
pteralec	Tetrapod	Pteropus alecto                	M_Mm	Chiroptera Pteropodidae
ptergrac	unknown 	Pterula gracilis               	F_Ba	Polyporales Pterulaceae
ptergutt	Tetrapod	Pterocles gutturalis           	M_Av	Ciconiiformes Pteroclidae
ptervamp	Tetrapod	Pteropus vampyrus              	M_Mm	Chiroptera Pteropodidae
pucccoro	Puccinia	Puccinia coronata              	F_Ba	Pucciniales Pucciniaceae
puccgram	Puccinia	Puccinia graminis              	F_Ba	Pucciniales Pucciniaceae
puccsorg	Puccinia	Puccinia sorghi                	F_Ba	Pucciniales Pucciniaceae
puccstri	Puccinia	Puccinia striiformis           	F_Ba	Pucciniales Pucciniaceae
pucctrit	Puccinia	Puccinia triticina             	F_Ba	Pucciniales Pucciniaceae
puncstri	Sordari1	Punctularia strigosozonata     	F_Ba	Corticiales Punctulariaceae
pundnyer	Fish_mdl	Pundamilia nyererei            	M_Fs	Cichliformes Cichlidae
purplila	unknown 	Purpureocillium lilacinum      	F_As	Hypocreales Ophiocordycipitaceae
purpspec	unknown 	Purpureocillium spec           	F_As	Hypocreales Ophiocordycipitaceae
pycncinn	Sordari1	Pycnoporus cinnabarinus        	F_Ba	Plagiorchiida Lecithodendriidae
pycncocc	Sordari1	Pycnoporus coccineus           	F_Ba	Plagiorchiida Lecithodendriidae
pycnpuni	Sordari1	Pycnoporus puniceus            	F_Ba	Polyporales Polyporaceae
pycnsang	Sordari1	Pycnoporus sanguineus          	F_Ba	Plagiorchiida Lecithodendriidae
pygoadel	Tetrapod	Pygoscelis adeliae             	M_Av	Sphenisciformes Spheniscidae
pygonatt	unknown 	Pygocentrus nattereri          	M_Fs	Characiformes Serrasalmidae
pyrelyco	Dothide1	Pyrenochaeta lycopersici       	F_As	Pleosporales Cucurbitariaceae
pyrespec	Dothide1	Pyrenochaeta spec              	F_As	Pleosporales Cucurbitariaceae
pyretere	Dothide1	Pyrenophora teres              	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
pyretrit	Dothide1	Pyrenophora tritici            	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
pyroconf	Dothide1	Pyronema confluens             	F_As	Pezizales Pyronemataceae
pyroomph	Dothide1	Pyronema omphalodes            	F_As	Pezizales Pyronemataceae
pyrubret	Angiosp 	Pyrus bretschneideri           	P_Eu	Rosales Rosaceae
pythapha	Oomycete	Pythium aphanidermatum         	O_St	Pythiales Pythiaceae
pytharrh	Oomycete	Pythium arrhenomanes           	O_St	Pythiales Pythiaceae
pythbivi	Tetrapod	Python bivittatus              	M_Rp	Squamata Pythonidae
pythirre	Oomycete	Pythium irregulare             	O_St	Pythiales Pythiaceae
pythiway	Oomycete	Pythium iwayamai               	O_St	Pythiales Pythiaceae
pythulti	Oomycete	Pythium ultimum                	O_St	Pythiales Pythiaceae
pythvexa	Oomycete	Pythium vexans                 	O_St	Pythiales Pythiaceae
rachanta	unknown 	Rachicladosporium antarcticum  	F_As	Capnodiales Cladosporiaceae
radispec	unknown 	Radiomyces spectabilis         	F_Mu	Mucorales Radiomycetaceae
ramarube	Dothide1	Ramaria rubella                	F_Ba	Gomphales Gomphaceae
ramavari	ramavari	Ramazzottius varieornatus      	M_Ar	Parachela Hypsibiidae
ramibrev	ramibrev	Ramicandelaber brevisporus     	F_Fu	Kickxellales Kickxellaceae
rasaemer	unknown 	Rasamsonia emersonii           	F_As	Eurotiales Trichocomaceae
rattnorv	Tetrapod	Rattus norvegicus              	M_Mm	Rodentia Muridae
retifilo	retifilo	Reticulomyxa filosa            	O_Rh	- Reticulomyxidae
rhabkr30	rhabkr30	Rhabditophanes kr3021          	M_Ne	Rhabditida Alloionematidae
rhagzeph	unknown 	Rhagoletis zephyria            	M_In	Diptera Tephritidae
rhinbiet	unknown 	Rhinopithecus bieti            	M_Mm	Primates Cercopithecidae
rhinmack	unknown 	Rhinocladiella mackenziei      	F_As	Chaetothyriales Herpotrichiellaceae
rhinroxe	Tetrapod	Rhinopithecus roxellana        	M_Mm	Primates Cercopithecidae
rhinsini	unknown 	Rhinolophus sinicus            	M_Mm	Chiroptera Rhinolophidae
rhintypu	unknown 	Rhincodon typus                	M_Ch	Orectolobiformes Rhincodontidae
rhipmicr	unknown 	Rhipicephalus microplus        	M_Ar	Ixodida Ixodidae
rhizdele	Mucoral2	Rhizopus delemar               	F_Mu	Mucorales Rhizopodaceae
rhizeric	Dothide1	Rhizoscyphus ericae            	F_As	Helotiales Helotiaceae
rhizglob	unknown 	Rhizoclosmatium globosum       	F_Ch	Chytridiales Chytriomycetaceae
rhizirre	rhizirre	Rhizophagus irregularis        	F_Gl	Glomerales Glomeraceae
rhizlign	unknown 	Rhizodiscina lignyota          	F_As	Patellariales Patellariaceae
rhizmicr	Mucoral2	Rhizopus microsporus           	F_Fu	Mucorales Rhizopodaceae
rhizoryz	Mucoral2	Rhizopus oryzae                	F_Fu	Mucorales Rhizopodaceae
rhizsale	Dothide1	Rhizopogon salebrosus          	F_Ba	Boletales Rhizopogonaceae
rhizsola	Dothide1	Rhizoctonia solani             	F_Ba	Cantharellales Ceratobasidiaceae
rhizvesi	Dothide1	Rhizopogon vesiculosus         	F_Ba	Boletales Rhizopogonaceae
rhizvini	Mucoral2	Rhizopus vinicolor           	F_Fu	Mucorales Rhizopodaceae
rhodbuty	unknown 	Rhodocollybia butyracea        	F_Ba	Agaricales Omphalotaceae
rhodglut	rhodgram	Rhodotorula glutinis           	F_Ba	- -
rhodgram	rhodgram	Rhodotorula graminis           	F_Ba	- -
rhodminu	rhodgram	Rhodotorula minuta             	F_Ba	- -
rhodmuci	rhodgram	Rhodotorula mucilaginosa       	F_Ba	- -
rhodprol	InsectAc	Rhodnius prolixus              	M_In	Hemiptera Reduviidae
rhodspec	rhodgram	Rhodotorula spec               	F_Ba	- -
rhodspj1	rhodgram	Rhodotorula spJ1               	F_Ba	- -
rhodspj3	rhodgram	Rhodotorula spJ3               	F_Ba	- -
rhodtoru	rhodtoru	Rhodosporidium toruloides      	F_Ba	Sporidiobolales Sporidiobolaceae
rhynagro	unknown 	Rhynchosporium agropyri        	F_As	Helotiales -
rhyncomm	unknown 	Rhynchosporium commune         	F_As	Helotiales -
rhynseca	unknown 	Rhynchosporium secalis         	F_As	Helotiales -
rhytrufu	Dothide1	Rhytidhysteron rufulum         	F_As	Hysteriales Hysteriaceae
ricicomm	Angiosp 	Ricinus communis               	P_Eu	Phthiraptera Ricinidae
rickfibu	Sordari1	Rickenella fibula              	F_Ba	Agaricales Tricholomataceae
rickmell	Sordari1	Rickenella mellea              	F_Ba	Agaricales Tricholomataceae
rigimicr	unknown 	Rigidoporus microporus         	F_Ba	Polyporales Coriolaceae
romaculi	romaculi	Romanomermis culicivorax       	M_Ne	Mermithida Mermithidae
rousaegy	Tetrapod	Rousettus aegyptiacus          	M_Mm	Chiroptera Pteropodidae
rozeallo	rozeallo	Rozella allomycis              	F_Cr	- -
russbrev	unknown 	Russula brevipes               	F_Ba	Russulales Russulaceae
russcomp	unknown 	Russula compacta               	F_Ba	Russulales Russulaceae
russdiss	unknown 	Russula dissimulans            	F_Ba	Russulales Russulaceae
russrugu	unknown 	Russula rugulosa               	F_Ba	Russulales Russulaceae
russvina	unknown 	Russula vinacea                	F_Ba	Russulales Russulaceae
rutsfirm	unknown 	Rutstroemia firma              	F_As	Helotiales Rutstroemiaceae
saccarbo	Saccharo	Saccharomyces arboricola       	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
saccbaya	Saccharo	Saccharomyces bayanus          	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
sacccast	Saccharo	Saccharomyces castellii        	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
sacccere	Saccharo	Saccharomyces cerevisiae       	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
sacceuba	Saccharo	Saccharomyces eubayanus        	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
sacckluy	Saccharo	Saccharomyces kluyveri         	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
sacckowa	InsectBm	Saccoglossus kowalevskii       	M_He	- Harrimaniidae
sacckudr	Saccharo	Saccharomyces kudriavzevii     	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
saccmika	Saccharo	Saccharomyces mikatae          	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
saccpara	Saccharo	Saccharomyces paradoxus        	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
saccpast	Saccharo	Saccharomyces pastorianus      	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
saccprot	Dothide1	Saccharata proteae             	F_As	Botryosphaeriales Saccharataceae
saccspec	Saccharo	Saccharomyces spec             	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
sactspec	unknown 	Sactharomycetaceae spec        	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae	 
saimboli	Tetrapod	Saimiri boliviensis            	M_Mm	Primates Cebidae
saitcomp	Agarico1	Saitoella complicata           	F_As	- -
saksvasi	unknown 	Saksenaea vasiformis           	F_Mu	Mucorales Saksenaeaceae
salipurp	Angiosp 	Salix purpurea                 	P_Eu	Malpighiales Salicaceae
salmsala	Fish_mdl	Salmo salar                    	M_Fs	Salmoniformes Salmonidae
salprose	salprose	Salpingoeca rosetta            	O_Op	Choanoflagellida Salpingoecidae
salvmilt	Angiosp 	Salvia milt                    	P_Eu	Lamiales Lamiaceae
saprdicl	Saproleg	Saprolegnia diclina            	O_St	Saprolegniales Saprolegniaceae
saprpara	Saproleg	Saprolegnia parasitica         	O_St	Saprolegniales Saprolegniaceae
sarccocc	unknown 	Sarcoscypha coccinea           	F_As	Pezizales Sarcoscyphaceae
sarcharr	Tetrapod	Sarcophilus harrisii           	M_Mm	Dasyuromorphia Dasyuridae
sarcneur	sarcneur	Sarcocystis neurona3           	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Sarcocystidae
sarcscab	ArthroDu	Sarcoptes scabiei              	M_Ar	Astigmata Sarcoptidae
sarrpurp	Angiosp 	Sarracenia purpurea            	P_Eu	Ericales Sarraceniaceae
scedapio	unknown 	Scedosporium apiospermum       	F_As	Microascales Microascaceae
schestip	unknown 	Scheffersomyces stipitis       	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
schiaggr	schiaggr	Schizochytrium aggregatum      	O_St	- Thraustochytriaceae
schicom3	Agarico1	Schizophyllum com3             	F_Ba	Agaricales Schizophyllaceae
schicoml	Agarico1	Schizophyllum comL             	F_Ba	Agaricales Schizophyllaceae
schicomm	Agarico1	Schizophyllum commune          	F_Ba	Agaricales Schizophyllaceae
schicomt	Agarico1	Schizophyllum comT             	F_Ba	Agaricales Schizophyllaceae
schicryo	Schizosa	Schizosaccharomyces cryophilus 	F_As	Schizosaccharomycetales Schizosaccharomycetaceae
schicura	Schisto 	Schistosoma curassoni          	M_Pl	Strigeidida Schistosomatidae
schihaem	Schisto 	Schistosoma haematobium        	M_Pl	Strigeidida Schistosomatidae
schijapa	Schisto 	Schistosoma japonicum          	M_Pl	Strigeidida Schistosomatidae
schijapo	Schizosa	Schizosaccharomyces japonicus  	F_As	Schizosaccharomycetales Schizosaccharomycetaceae
schimans	Schisto 	Schistosoma mansoni            	M_Pl	Strigeidida Schistosomatidae
schimarg	Schisto 	Schistosoma margrebowiei       	M_Pl	Strigeidida Schistosomatidae
schimatt	Schisto 	Schistosoma mattheei           	M_Pl	Strigeidida Schistosomatidae
schiocto	Schizosa	Schizosaccharomyces octosporus 	F_As	Schizosaccharomycetales Schizosaccharomycetaceae
schipara	Dothide1	Schizopora paradoxa            	F_Ba	Corticiales Corticiaceae
schipomb	Schizosa	Schizosaccharomyces pombe      	F_As	Schizosaccharomycetales Schizosaccharomycetaceae
schirodh	Schisto 	Schistosoma rodhaini           	M_Pl	Strigeidida Schistosomatidae
schisoli	NematodF	Schistocephalus solidus        	M_Pl	Diphyllobothriidea Diphyllobothriidae
schivest	unknown 	Schizothecium vesticola        	F_As	Sordariales Lasiosphaeriaceae
schmmedi	schmmedi	Schmidtea mediterranea         	M_Pl	Tricladida Dugesiidae
sclebore	Dothide1	Sclerotinia borealis           	F_As	Helotiales Sclerotiniaceae
sclecitr	Dothide1	Scleroderma citrinum           	F_Ba	Boletales Sclerodermataceae
scleform	unknown 	Scleropages formosus           	M_Fs	Osteoglossiformes Osteoglossidae
sclehyst	unknown 	Sclerogaster hysterangioides   	F_Ba	Boletales Boletaceae
sclesang	unknown 	Sclerophora sanguinea          	F_As	Coniocybales Coniocybaceae
sclescle	Dothide1	Sclerotinia sclerotiorum       	F_As	Helotiales Sclerotiniaceae
scytspec	unknown 	Scytinostroma spec             	F_Ba	Russulales Lachnocladiaceae
sebaverm	Dothide1	Sebacina vermifera             	F_Ba	Sebacinales Sebacinaceae
selamoel	selamoel	Selaginella moellendorffii     	P_Ly	Selaginellales Selaginellaceae
septmusi	Dothide1	Septoria musiva                	F_As	Capnodiales Mycosphaerellaceae
septpopu	Dothide1	Septoria populicola            	F_As	Capnodiales Mycosphaerellaceae
septspec	unknown 	Septobasidium spec             	F_Ba	Septobasidiales Septobasidiaceae
sereindi	unknown 	Serendipita indica             	F_Ba	Sebacinales -
sereverm	unknown 	Serendipita vermifera          	F_Ba	Sebacinales -
sericana	Tetrapod	Serinus canaria                	M_Av	Passeriformes Fringillidae
seridume	unknown 	Seriola dumerili               	M_Fs	Carangiformes Carangidae
serphima	Dothide1	Serpula himantioides           	F_Ba	Boletales Serpulaceae
serplacr	Dothide1	Serpula lacrymans              	F_Ba	Sabellida Serpulidae
sesaindi	Angiosp 	Sesamum indicum                	P_Eu	Lamiales Pedaliaceae
setaital	Angiosp 	Setaria italica                	P_Mo	Spirurida Setariidae
setaviri	Angiosp 	Setaria viridis                	P_Mo	Spirurida Setariidae
setoholm	unknown 	Setomelanomma holmii           	F_As	Pleosporales Phaeosphaeriaceae
setoturc	Dothide1	Setosphaeria turcica           	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
sinoansh	unknown 	Sinocyclocheilus anshuiensis   	M_Fs	Cypriniformes Cyprinidae
sinograh	unknown 	Sinocyclocheilus grahami       	M_Fs	Cypriniformes Cyprinidae
sinorhin	unknown 	Sinocyclocheilus rhinocerous   	M_Fs	Cypriniformes Cyprinidae
sirointe	unknown 	Sirobasidium intermedium       	F_Ba	Tremellales Sirobasidiaceae
sistbrin	Dothide1	Sistotrema brinkmannii         	F_Ba	Corticiales Corticiaceae
sistnive	Dothide1	Sistotremastrum niveocremeu    	F_Ba	Trechisporales Hydnodontaceae
sistsuec	Dothide1	Sistotremastrum suecicum       	F_Ba	Trechisporales Hydnodontaceae
smitculi	unknown 	Smittium culicis               	F_Ha	Harpellales Legeriomycetaceae
smitmucr	unknown 	Smittium mucronatum            	F_Ha	Harpellales Legeriomycetaceae
sobobatu	NematodW	Soboliphyme baturini           	M_Ne	- Soboliphymatidae
sodialka	Sordari3	Sodiomyces alkalinus           	F_As	Glomerellales Plectosphaerellaceae
solalyco	Angiosp 	Solanum lycopersicum           	P_Eu	Solanales Solanaceae
solapenn	Angiosp 	Solanum pennellii              	P_Eu	Solanales Solanaceae
solatube	Angiosp 	Solanum tuberosum              	P_Eu	Solanales Solanaceae
soleinvi	Echinode	Solenopsis invicta             	M_In	Asterales Campanulaceae
sordmacr	unknown 	Sordaria macrospora            	F_As	Sordariales Sordariaceae
sorearan	Tetrapod	Sorex araneus                  	M_Mm	Insectivora Soricidae
sorgbico	Angiosp 	Sorghum bicolor                	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
sparlati	unknown 	Sparassis latifolia            	F_Ba	Polyporales Sparassidaceae
spatflav	Dothide1	Spathularia flavida            	F_As	Rhytismatales Cudoniaceae
spatpass	spatpass	Spathaspora passalidarum       	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
sphaarct	sphaarct	Sphaeroforma arctica           	O_Op	Ichthyophonida -
sphafall	unknown 	Sphagnum fallax                	P_Br	Sphagnales Sphagnaceae
sphamusi	unknown 	Sphaerulina musiva             	F_As	Capnodiales Mycosphaerellaceae
sphastel	Dothide1	Sphaerobolus stellatus         	F_Ba	Geastrales Sphaerobolaceae
spinfusi	unknown 	Spinellus fusiger              	F_Mu	Mucorales Phycomycetaceae
spirerin	NematodF	Spirometra erinaceieuropaei    	M_Pl	Diphyllobothriidea Diphyllobothriidae
spirpoly	Angiosp 	Spirodela polyrhiza            	P_Mo	Alismatales Araceae
spirsalm	Archamoe	Spironucleus salmonicida       	O_Fo	- Hexamitidae
spizpunc	FungiAll	Spizellomyces punctatus        	F_Ch	Spizellomycetales Spizellomycetaceae
spodfrug	InsectGn	Spodoptera frugiperda          	M_In	Lepidoptera Noctuidae
sporbras	unknown 	Sporothrix brasiliensis        	F_As	Ophiostomatales Ophiostomataceae
sporfime	Dothide1	Sporormia fimetaria            	F_As	Pleosporales Sporormiaceae
sporinse	unknown 	Sporothrix insectorum          	F_As	Ophiostomatales Ophiostomataceae
sporlact	unknown 	Sporopachydermia lactativora   	F_As	Saccharomycetales Dipodascaceae
sporlind	sporlind	Sporobolomyces linderae        	F_Ba	- -
sporpara	unknown 	Sporidiobolus pararoseus       	F_Ba	Sporidiobolales Sporidiobolaceae
sporreil	sporreil	Sporisorium reilianum          	F_Ba	Ustilaginales Ustilaginaceae
sporrose	sporlind	Sporobolomyces roseus          	F_Ba	- -
sporsalm	unknown 	Sporidiobolus salmonicolor     	F_Ba	Sporidiobolales Sporidiobolaceae
sporsche	unknown 	Sporothrix schenckii           	F_As	Ophiostomatales Ophiostomataceae
sporscit	sporreil	Sporisorium scitamineum        	F_Ba	Ustilaginales Ustilaginaceae
sporther	Sordari1	Sporotrichum thermophile       	F_Ba	- -
sporumbe	unknown 	Sporodiniella umbellata        	F_Mu	Mucorales Rhizopodaceae
spraloph	unknown 	Spraguea lophii                	F_Mi	- Spraguidae
stacchar	unknown 	Stachybotrys chartarum         	F_As	Hypocreales Stachybotriaceae
stacchlo	unknown 	Stachybotrys chlorohalonata    	F_As	Hypocreales Stachybotriaceae
staceleg	unknown 	Stachybotrys elegans           	F_As	Hypocreales Stachybotriaceae
stagnodo	Dothide1	Stagonospora nodorum           	F_As	Pleosporales Massarinaceae
stagspec	Dothide1	Stagonospora spec              	F_As	Pleosporales Massarinaceae
stangris	Dothide1	Stanjemonium grisellum         	F_As	- -
stegmimo	stegmimo	Stegodyphus mimosarum          	M_Ar	Araneae Eresidae
stegpart	Fish_mdl	Stegastes partitus             	M_Fs	- Pomacentridae
steicarp	NematodE	Steinernema carpocapsae        	M_Ne	Rhabditida Steinernematidae
steifelt	NematodE	Steinernema feltiae            	M_Ne	Rhabditida Steinernematidae
steiglas	NematodE	Steinernema glaseri            	M_Ne	Rhabditida Steinernematidae
steimont	NematodE	Steinernema monticolum         	M_Ne	Rhabditida Steinernematidae
steiscap	NematodE	Steinernema scapterisci        	M_Ne	Rhabditida Steinernematidae
stemlyco	unknown 	Stemphylium lycopersici        	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
stencoer	unknown 	Stentor coeruleus       	O_Al	Stentoridae Stentor
sterhirs	Dothide1	Stereum hirsutum               	F_Ba	Russulales Stereaceae
stomcalc	stomcalc	Stomoxys calcitrans            	M_In	Diptera Muscidae
striculi	Archamoe	Strigomonas culicis            	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
strimari	InsectCl	Strigamia maritima             	M_In	Geophilomorpha Linotaeniidae
stropapi	NematodS	Strongyloides papillosus       	M_Ne	Rhabditida Strongyloididae
stropurp	ChordatC	Strongylocentrotus purpuratus  	M_Ec	Echinoida Strongylocentrotidae
stroratt	NematodS	Strongyloides ratti            	M_Ne	Rhabditida Strongyloididae
stroster	NematodS	Strongyloides stercoralis      	M_Ne	Rhabditida Strongyloididae
strovene	NematodS	Strongyloides venezuelensis    	M_Ne	Rhabditida Strongyloididae
strovulg	NematodN	Strongylus vulgaris            	M_Ne	Rhabditida Strongylidae
strucame	Tetrapod	Struthio camelus               	M_Av	Struthioniformes Struthionidae
sturvulg	Tetrapod	Sturnus vulgaris               	M_Av	Passeriformes Sturnidae
styllemn	Sporadot	Stylonychia lemnae             	O_Al	Sporadotrichida Oxytrichidae
stylpist	unknown 	Stylophora pistillata          	M_Cn	Scleractinia Pocilloporidae
sugiamer	unknown 	Sugiyamaella americana         	F_As	Saccharomycetales Trichomonascaceae
sugilign	unknown 	Sugiyamaella lignohabitans     	F_As	Saccharomycetales Trichomonascaceae
suilamer	Dothide1	Suillus americanus             	F_Ba	Boletales Suillaceae
suilbrev	Dothide1	Suillus brevipes               	F_Ba	Boletales Suillaceae
suildeci	Dothide1	Suillus decipiens              	F_Ba	Boletales Suillaceae
suilgran	Dothide1	Suillus granulatus             	F_Ba	Boletales Suillaceae
suilhirt	Dothide1	Suillus hirtellus              	F_Ba	Boletales Suillaceae
suillute	Dothide1	Suillus luteus                 	F_Ba	Boletales Suillaceae
suilpict	Dothide1	Suillus pictus                 	F_Ba	Boletales Suillaceae
suilsuba	Dothide1	Suillus subaureus              	F_Ba	Boletales Suillaceae
suiltome	Dothide1	Suillus tomentosus             	F_Ba	Boletales Suillaceae
sus_scro	Tetrapod	Sus scrofa                     	M_Mm	- Suidae
symbkoch	Dothide1	Symbiotaphrina kochii          	F_As	Xylonomycetales -
sympatti	unknown 	Sympodiomyces attinorum        	F_As	Saccharomycetales -
syncfusc	unknown 	Syncephalis fuscata            	F_Zo	Zoopagales Piptocephalidaceae
syncplum	unknown 	Syncephalis plumigaleata       	F_Zo	Zoopagales Piptocephalidaceae
syncrace	unknown 	Syncephalastrum racemosum      	F_Mu	Mucorales Syncephalastraceae
syphmuri	NematodO	Syphacia muris                 	M_Ne	Oxyurida Oxyuridae
taenasia	NematodB	Taenia asiatica                	M_Pl	Cyclophyllidea Taeniidae
taengutt	Tetrapod	Taeniopygia guttata            	M_Av	Passeriformes Estrildidae
taensagi	unknown 	Taenia saginata                	M_Pl	Cyclophyllidea Taeniidae
taensoli	NematodB	Taenia solium                  	M_Pl	Cyclophyllidea Taeniidae
takirubr	Fish_sht	Takifugu rubripes              	M_Fs	Tetraodontiformes Tetraodontidae
talaacul	Dothide1	Talaromyces aculeatus          	F_As	Eurotiales Trichocomaceae
talaatro	Dothide1	Talaromyces atroroseus         	F_As	Eurotiales Trichocomaceae
talacell	Dothide1	Talaromyces cellulolyticus     	F_As	Eurotiales Trichocomaceae
talaisla	Dothide1	Talaromyces islandicus         	F_As	Eurotiales Trichocomaceae
talamarn	Dothide1	Talaromyces marneffei          	F_As	Eurotiales Trichocomaceae
talaprot	Dothide1	Talaromyces proteolyticus      	F_As	Eurotiales Trichocomaceae
talastip	Dothide1	Talaromyces stipitatus         	F_As	Eurotiales Trichocomaceae
taphdefo	Leotiomy	Taphrina deformans             	F_As	Taphrinales Taphrinaceae
tarehass	Angiosp 	Tarenaya hassleriana           	P_Eu	Brassicales Cleomaceae
tarssyri	Tetrapod	Tarsius syrichta               	M_Mm	Primates Tarsiidae
taureryt	Tetrapod	Tauraco erythrolophus          	M_Av	Musophagiformes Musophagidae
telacirc	NematodN	Teladorsagia circumcincta      	M_Ne	Rhabditida Trichostrongylidae
teranubi	Dothide1	Teratosphaeria nubilosa        	F_As	Capnodiales Teratosphaeriaceae
terfboud	Dothide1	Terfezia boudieri              	F_As	Pezizales Pezizaceae
terfclav	Dothide1	Terfezia claveryi              	F_As	Pezizales Pezizaceae
termspec	unknown 	Termitomyces spec              	F_Ba	Agaricales Lyophyllaceae
testcype	unknown 	Testicularia cyperi            	F_Ba	Ustilaginales Anthracoideaceae	 
tetrblat	Saccharo	Tetrapisispora blattae         	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
tetrnigr	Fish_sht	Tetraodon nigroviridis         	M_Fs	Tetraodontiformes Tetraodontidae
tetrphaf	Saccharo	Tetrapisispora phaffii         	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
tetrther	tetrther	Tetrahymena thermophila        	O_Al	Hymenostomatida Tetrahymenidae
tetrurti	tetrurti	Tetranychus urticae            	M_Ar	- Tetranychidae
thalocea	Oomycete	Thalassiosira oceanica         	O_St	Thalassiosirales Thalassiosiraceae
thalpseu	Oomycete	Thalassiosira pseudonana       	O_St	Thalassiosirales Thalassiosiraceae
thameleg	unknown 	Thamnidium elegans             	F_Mu	Mucorales Mucoraceae
thamsirt	Tetrapod	Thamnophis sirtalis            	M_Rp	Squamata Colubridae
thancucu	unknown 	Thanatephorus cucumeris        	F_Ba	Cantharellales Ceratobasidiaceae
thectrah	thectrah	Thecamonas trahens             	O_Ap	- Apusomonadidae
theiannu	Theiler1	Theileria annulata             	O_Al	- Theileriidae
theiequi	Babesia 	Theileria equi                 	O_Al	- Theileriidae
theiorie	Theiler1	Theileria orientalis           	O_Al	- Theileriidae
theiparv	Theiler1	Theileria parva                	O_Al	- Theileriidae
thelcall	NematodO	Thelazia callipaeda            	M_Ne	Spirurida Thelaziidae
thelganb	unknown 	Thelephora ganbajun            	F_Ba	Thelephorales Thelephoraceae
thelhalo	Angiosp 	Thellungiella halophila        	P_Eu	Brassicales Brassicaceae
thelkita	thelkita	Thelohanellus kitauei          	M_Cn	Bivalvulida Myxobolidae
thelmicr	Dothide1	Thelebolus microsporus         	F_As	Thelebolales Thelebolaceae
thelparv	Angiosp 	Thellungiella parvula          	P_Eu	Brassicales Brassicaceae
thelster	Dothide1	Thelebolus stercoreus          	F_As	Thelebolales Thelebolaceae
theocaca	Angiosp 	Theobroma cacao                	P_Eu	Malvales Malvaceae
theraura	Dothide1	Thermoascus aurantiacus        	F_As	Eurotiales Thermoascaceae
therlanu	unknown 	Thermomyces lanuginosus        	F_As	Eurotiales Trichocomaceae
therther	unknown 	Thermothelomyces thermophila   	F_As	Sordariales Chaetomiaceae
thieanta	Sordari1	Thielavia antarctica           	F_As	Sordariales Chaetomiaceae
thieappe	Sordari1	Thielavia appendiculata        	F_As	Sordariales Chaetomiaceae
thiearen	Sordari1	Thielavia arenaria             	F_As	Sordariales Chaetomiaceae
thiehyrc	Sordari1	Thielavia hyrcaniae            	F_As	Sordariales Chaetomiaceae
thiepunc	unknown 	Thielaviopsis punctulata       	F_As	Microascales Ceratocystidaceae
thieterr	Sordari1	Thielavia terrestris           	F_As	Sordariales Chaetomiaceae
thozspec	Dothide1	Thozetella spec                	F_As	Chaetosphaeriales Chaetosphaeriaceae
tigrcali	unknown 	Tigriopus californicus         	M_Ar	Harpacticoida Harpacticidae
tillalbe	tillwash	Tilletiopsis albescens         	F_Ba	Entylomatales -
tillanom	tillanom	Tilletiaria anomala            	F_Ba	Georgefischeriales Tilletiariaceae
tillcari	unknown 	Tilletia caries                	F_Ba	Tilletiales Tilletiaceae
tillcont	unknown 	Tilletia controversa           	F_Ba	Tilletiales Tilletiaceae
tillindi	unknown 	Tilletia indica                	F_Ba	Tilletiales Tilletiaceae
tillspec	tillwash	Tilletiopsis spec              	F_Ba	Entylomatales -
tillwalk	unknown 	Tilletia walkeri               	F_Ba	Tilletiales Tilletiaceae
tillwash	tillwash	Tilletiopsis washingtonensis   	F_Ba	Entylomatales -
timecris	InsectGn	Timema cristinae               	M_In	Phasmatodea -
tinagutt	Tetrapod	Tinamus guttatus               	M_Av	Tinamiformes Tinamidae
tolyinfl	unknown 	Tolypocladium inflatum         	F_As	Hypocreales Ophiocordycipitaceae
tolyophi	unknown 	Tolypocladium ophioglossoides  	F_As	Hypocreales Ophiocordycipitaceae
torpradi	unknown 	Torpedospora radiata           	F_As	Torpedosporales Torpedosporaceae
torrhemi	unknown 	Torrubiella hemipterigena      	F_As	Hypocreales Clavicipitaceae
tortcase	unknown 	Tortispora caseinolytica       	F_As	Saccharomycetales Trigonopsidaceae
torudelb	Saccharo	Torulaspora delbrueckii        	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
tothfusc	Dothide1	Tothia fuscella                	F_As	Venturiales Venturiaceae
toxocani	NematodA	Toxocara canis                 	M_Ne	Ascaridida Toxocaridae
toxogond	Conoida1	Toxoplasma gondii              	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Sarcocystidae
traccorn	unknown 	Trachymyrmex cornetzi          	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
trachomi	unknown 	Trachipleistophora hominis     	F_Mi	- Pleistophoridae
tracsept	unknown 	Trachymyrmex septentrionalis   	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
traczete	unknown 	Trachymyrmex zeteki            	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
tramcerv	unknown 	Trametopsis cervina            	F_Ba	Polyporales Hapalopilaceae
tramcing	Sordari1	Trametes cingulata             	F_Ba	Polyporales Coriolaceae
tramcinn	Sordari1	Trametes cinnabarina           	F_Ba	Polyporales Coriolaceae
tramgibb	Sordari1	Trametes gibbosa               	F_Ba	Polyporales Coriolaceae
tramljub	Sordari1	Trametes ljubarskyi            	F_Ba	Polyporales Coriolaceae
trammaxi	Sordari1	Trametes maxima                	F_Ba	Polyporales Coriolaceae
trammeye	Sordari1	Trametes meyenii               	F_Ba	Polyporales Coriolaceae
trampube	Sordari1	Trametes pubescens             	F_Ba	Polyporales Coriolaceae
tramvers	Sordari1	Trametes versicolor            	F_Ba	Polyporales Coriolaceae
tremence	tremmese	Tremella encephala             	F_Ba	Tremellales Tremellaceae
tremmese	tremmese	Tremella mesenterica           	F_Ba	Tremellales Tremellaceae
trempert	Dothide1	Trematosphaeria pertusa        	F_As	Pleosporales Trematosphaeriaceae
tremspec	tremmese	Tremella species               	F_Ba	Tremellales Tremellaceae
tribcast	tribcast	Tribolium castaneum            	M_In	Poales Poaceae
tricabie	Dothide1	Trichaptum abietinum           	F_Ba	Polyporales Polyporaceae
tricadha	tricadha	Trichoplax adhaerens           	M_Pa	- Trichoplacidae
tricasah	tricchia	Trichosporon asahii            	F_Ba	Trichosporonales Trichosporonaceae
tricaspe	Dothide1	Trichoderma asperellum         	F_As	Hypocreales Hypocreaceae
tricatro	Dothide1	Trichoderma atroviride         	F_As	Hypocreales Hypocreaceae
tricbenh	Dothide1	Trichophyton benhamiae         	F_As	Onygenales Arthrodermataceae
tricbisp	tricbisp	Trichodelitschia bisporula     	F_As	Phaeotrichales Phaeotrichaceae
tricbrit	unknown 	Trichinella britovi            	M_Ne	Trichocephalida Trichinellidae
tricchia	tricchia	Trichosporon chiarellii        	F_Ba	Trichosporonales Trichosporonaceae
triccitr	Dothide1	Trichoderma citrinoviride      	F_As	Hypocreales Hypocreaceae
tricequi	Dothide1	Trichophyton equinum           	F_As	Onygenales Arthrodermataceae
tricgams	Dothide1	Trichoderma gamsii             	F_As	Hypocreales Hypocreaceae
tricgueh	tricchia	Trichosporon guehoae           	F_Ba	Trichosporonales Trichosporonaceae
tricguiz	Dothide1	Trichoderma guizhouense        	F_As	Hypocreales Hypocreaceae
tricharz	Dothide1	Trichoderma harzianum          	F_As	Hypocreales Hypocreaceae
trichybr	unknown 	Trichophaea hybrida            	F_As	Pezizales Pyronemataceae
tricinte	Dothide1	Trichophyton interdigitale     	F_As	Onygenales Arthrodermataceae
triclong	Dothide1	Trichoderma longibrachiatum    	F_As	Hypocreales Hypocreaceae
tricmana	Tetrapod	Trichechus manatus             	M_Mm	Sirenia Trichechidae
tricmats	Dothide1	Tricholoma matsutake           	F_Ba	Agaricales Tricholomataceae
tricmuri	NematodW	Trichuris muris                	M_Ne	Trichocephalida Trichuridae
tricmurr	unknown 	Trichinella murrelli           	M_Ne	Trichocephalida Trichinellidae
tricnati	NematodT	Trichinella nativa             	M_Ne	Trichocephalida Trichinellidae
tricnels	unknown 	Trichinella nelsoni            	M_Ne	Trichocephalida Trichinellidae
tricolea	tricchia	Trichosporon oleaginosus       	F_Ba	Trichosporonales Trichosporonaceae
tricpapu	unknown 	Trichinella papuae             	M_Ne	Trichocephalida Trichinellidae
tricpata	unknown 	Trichinella patagoniensis      	M_Ne	Trichocephalida Trichinellidae
tricpeta	Trichomo	Trichomonascus petasosporus    	F_As	Saccharomycetales Trichomonascaceae
tricpret	InsectAg	Trichogramma pretiosum         	M_In	Hymenoptera Trichogrammatidae
tricpseu	unknown 	Trichinella pseudospiralis     	M_Ne	Trichocephalida Trichinellidae
tricrees	Dothide1	Trichoderma reesei             	F_As	Hypocreales Hypocreaceae
tricrege	Schisto 	Trichobilharzia regenti        	M_Pl	Strigeidida Schistosomatidae
tricrubr	Dothide1	Trichophyton rubrum            	F_As	Onygenales Arthrodermataceae
tricsoud	Dothide1	Trichophyton soudanense        	F_As	Onygenales Arthrodermataceae
tricspir	NematodT	Trichinella spiralis           	M_Ne	Trichocephalida Trichinellidae
tricsuis	NematodW	Trichuris suis                 	M_Ne	Trichocephalida Trichuridae
trict6__	unknown 	Trichinella t6                 	M_Ne	Trichocephalida Trichinellidae
trict8__	unknown 	Trichinella t8                 	M_Ne	Trichocephalida Trichinellidae
trict9__	unknown 	Trichinella t9                 	M_Ne	Trichocephalida Trichinellidae
trictons	Dothide1	Trichophyton tonsurans         	F_As	Onygenales Arthrodermataceae
trictric	NematodW	Trichuris trichiura            	M_Ne	Trichocephalida Trichuridae
tricvagi	ProtisGn	Trichomonas vaginalis          	O_Pa	Trichomonadida Trichomonadidae
tricverr	Dothide1	Trichophyton verrucosum        	F_As	Onygenales Arthrodermataceae
tricviol	Dothide1	Trichophyton violaceum         	F_As	Onygenales Arthrodermataceae
tricvire	Dothide1	Trichoderma virens             	F_As	Hypocreales Hypocreaceae
triczimb	unknown 	Trichinella zimbabwensis       	M_Ne	Trichocephalida Trichinellidae
trifprat	Angiosp 	Trifolium pratense             	P_Eu	Fabales Fabaceae
tringuia	Dothide1	Trinosporium guianense         	F_As	Xylonomycetales Xylonomycetaceae
tritaesa	Angiosp 	Triticum aestivum              	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
tritaesb	Angiosp 	Triticum aestivum              	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
tritaesd	Angiosp 	Triticum aestivum              	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
tritaest	Angiosp 	Triticum aestivum              	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
tritspec	tritspec	Tritirachium species           	F_Ba	Tritirachiales Tritirachiaceae
triturar	Angiosp 	Triticum urartu                	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
trunangu	unknown 	Truncatella angustata          	F_As	Xylariales Sporocadaceae
trypbruc	Archamoe	Trypanosoma brucei             	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
trypcong	Archamoe	Trypanosoma congolense         	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
trypcruz	Archamoe	Trypanosoma cruzi              	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
trypelut	Dothide1	Trypethelium eluteriae         	F_As	Trypetheliales Trypetheliaceae
trypevan	Archamoe	Trypanosoma evansi             	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
trypgray	Archamoe	Trypanosoma grayi              	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
tryprang	Archamoe	Trypanosoma rangeli            	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
trypviva	Archamoe	Trypanosoma vivax              	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
tsucwing	unknown 	Tsuchiyaea wingfieldii         	F_Ba	Tremellales Tremellaceae
tubeborc	Dothide1	Tuber borchii                  	F_As	Pezizales Tuberaceae
tubemela	Dothide1	Tuber melanosporum             	F_As	Pezizales Tuberaceae
tulacalo	Dothide1	Tulasnella calospora           	F_Ba	Cantharellales Tulasnellaceae
tupabela	Tetrapod	Tupaia belangeri               	M_Mm	Scandentia Tupaiidae
tupachin	Tetrapod	Tupaia chinensis               	M_Mm	Scandentia Tupaiidae
turstrun	Tetrapod	Tursiops truncatus             	M_Mm	Cetacea Delphinidae
tytoalba	Tetrapod	Tyto alba                      	M_Av	Strigiformes Tytonidae
umberama	Mucoral1	Umbelopsis ramanniana          	F_Fu	Mucorales Umbelopsidaceae
umbespec	Mucoral1	Umbelopsis spec                	F_Mu	Mucorales Umbelopsidaceae
umbipust	unknown 	Umbilicaria pustulata          	F_As	Umbilicariales Umbilicariaceae
uncirees	Dothide1	Uncinocarpus reesii            	F_As	Onygenales Onygenaceae
ursumari	Tetrapod	Ursus maritimus                	M_Mm	Carnivora Ursidae
usneflor	unknown 	Usnea florida                  	F_As	Lecanorales Parmeliaceae
ustibrom	ustimayd	Ustilago bromivora             	F_Ba	Ustilaginales Ustilaginaceae
ustihord	ustimayd	Ustilago hordei                	F_Ba	Ustilaginales Ustilaginaceae
ustimayd	ustimayd	Ustilago maydis                	F_Ba	Ustilaginales Ustilaginaceae
ustispec	ustispec	Ustilaginomycotina spec        	F_Ba	Fungi Fungi
ustivire	unknown 	Ustilaginoidea virens          	F_As	Hypocreales -
valelaxa	Dothide1	Valetoniellopsis laxa          	F_As	Hypocreales Niessliaceae
valsmali	unknown 	Valsa mali                     	F_As	Diaporthales Valsaceae
vandpoly	unknown 	Vanderwaltozyma polyspora      	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
varamini	unknown 	Vararia minispora              	F_Ba	Russulales Lachnocladiaceae
varrdest	unknown 	Varroa destructor              	M_Ar	Mesostigmata Varroidae
varrjaco	unknown 	Varroa jacobsoni               	M_Ar	Mesostigmata Varroidae
vavrculi	unknown 	Vavraia culicis                	F_Mi	- Pleistophoridae
ventinae	Dothide1	Venturia inaequalis            	F_Eu	Hymenoptera Ichneumonidae
ventpiri	Dothide1	Venturia pirina                	F_As	Pleosporales Venturiaceae
verrenal	unknown 	Verruculina enalia             	F_As	Pleosporales Didymosphaeriaceae	 
verrgall	unknown 	Verruconis gallopava           	F_As	Venturiales Sympoventuriaceae
vertalbo	Dothide1	Verticillium alboatrum         	F_As	Glomerellales Plectosphaerellaceae
vertalfa	Dothide1	Verticillium alfalfae          	F_As	Glomerellales Plectosphaerellaceae
vertdahl	Dothide1	Verticillium dahliae           	F_As	Glomerellales Plectosphaerellaceae
vertlong	Dothide1	Verticillium longisporum       	F_As	Glomerellales Plectosphaerellaceae
vicupaco	Tetrapod	Vicugna pacos                  	M_Mm	- Camelidae
vignradi	Angiosp 	Vigna radiata                  	P_Eu	Fabales Fabaceae
vignungu	unknown 	Vigna unguiculata              	P_Eu	Fabales Fabaceae
violpalu	unknown 	Violaceomyces palustris        	F_Ba	Violaceomycetales Violaceomycetaceae
vitivini	Angiosp 	Vitis vinifera                 	P_Eu	Vitales Vitaceae
vitrbras	unknown 	Vitrella brassicaformis        	O_Ch	- -
vittcorn	unknown 	Vittaforma corneae             	F_Mi	- Nosematidae
vollemer	Echinode	Vollenhovia emeryi             	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
volvcart	volvcart	Volvox carteri                 	P_Ch	Chlamydomonadales Volvocaceae
volvvolv	Dothide1	Volvariella volvacea           	F_Ba	Agaricales Pluteaceae
vuilcome	unknown 	Vuilleminia comedens           	F_Ba	Corticiales Vuilleminiaceae
wallicht	wallicht	Wallemia ichthyophaga          	F_Ba	Wallemiales -
wallmell	wallicht	Wallemia mellicola             	F_Ba	Wallemiales -
wallsebi	wallicht	Wallemia sebi                  	F_Ba	Wallemiales -
wasmauro	Echinode	Wasmannia auropunctata         	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
westorna	Dothide1	Westerdykella ornata           	F_As	Pleosporales Sporormiaceae
wickanom	Sacchar1	Wickerhamomyces anomalus       	F_As	Saccharomycetales Phaffomycetaceae
wickcife	Sacchar1	Wickerhamomyces ciferrii       	F_As	Saccharomycetales Phaffomycetaceae
wickdome	unknown 	Wickerhamiella domercqiae      	F_As	Saccharomycetales Trichomonascaceae
wilcmiko	Dothide1	Wilcoxina mikolae              	F_As	Pezizales Pyronemataceae
wolfcoco	Sordari1	Wolfiporia cocos               	F_Ba	Polyporales Coriolaceae
wuchbanc	NematodO	Wuchereria bancrofti           	M_Ne	Spirurida Onchocercidae
xantdend	unknown 	Xanthophyllomyces dendrorhous  	F_Ba	Cystofilobasidiales Mrakiaceae
xantpari	Dothide1	Xanthoria parietina            	F_As	Teloschistales Teloschistaceae
xenavaga	unknown 	Xenasmatella vaga              	F_Ba	Polyporales Xenasmataceae
xenolaev	unknown 	Xenopus laevis                 	M_Am	Anura Pipidae
xenotrop	ChordatU	Xenopus tropicalis             	M_Am	Anura Pipidae
xerobadi	unknown 	Xerocomus badius               	F_Ba	Boletales Boletaceae
xiphmacu	Fish_mdl	Xiphophorus maculatus          	M_Fs	Cyprinodontiformes Poeciliidae
xylahypo	unknown 	Xylaria hypoxylon              	F_As	Xylariales Xylariaceae
xylaspec	unknown 	Xylariales spec                	F_As	Ascomycota Sordariomycetes
xyloheve	Dothide1	Xylona heveae                  	F_As	Xylonomycetales Xylonomycetaceae
yarrlipo	Saccharo	Yarrowia lipolytica            	F_As	Saccharomycetales Dipodascaceae
zancculi	unknown 	Zancudomyces culisetae         	F_Ha	Harpellales Legeriomycetaceae
zasmcell	Dothide1	Zasmidium cellare              	F_As	Capnodiales Mycosphaerellaceae
zea_mays	Angiosp 	Zea mays                       	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
zeugcucu	unknown 	Zeugodacus cucurbitae          	M_In	Diptera Tephritidae
zizijuju	Angiosp 	Ziziphus jujuba                	P_Eu	Rosales Rhamnaceae
zonoalbi	Tetrapod	Zonotrichia albicollis         	M_Av	Passeriformes Passerellidae
zootneva	Mollusca	Zootermopsis nevadensis        	M_In	Isoptera Termopsidae
zopfrhiz	Dothide1	Zopfia rhizophila              	F_As	- Zopfiaceae
zostmari	Angiosp 	Zostera marina                 	P_Mo	Alismatales Zosteraceae
zychmexi	unknown 	Zychaea mexicana               	F_Mu	Mucorales Lichtheimiaceae
zygobail	Saccharo	Zygosaccharomyces bailii       	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
zygohell	unknown 	Zygoascus hellenicus           	F_As	Saccharomycetales Trichomonascaceae
zygopara	Saccharo	Zygosaccharomyces parabailii   	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
zygoroux	Saccharo	Zygosaccharomyces rouxii       	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
zymoarda	Dothide1	Zymoseptoria ardabiliae        	F_As	Capnodiales Mycosphaerellaceae
zymobrev	Dothide1	Zymoseptoria brevis            	F_As	Capnodiales Mycosphaerellaceae
zymopseu	Dothide1	Zymoseptoria pseudotritici     	F_As	Capnodiales Mycosphaerellaceae
zymotrit	Dothide1	Zymoseptoria tritici           	F_As	Capnodiales Mycosphaerellaceae
